Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! 
Is this really America? Terrible! 
My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country.
This is just the beginning thank you to @ByronYork! 
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing! 
Major rescue operations underway!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. 
#NeverForget
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp; Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate and we should be lower than them. Yesterday “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential almost like never before!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday!
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
Welcome to the United States @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference:  
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well their was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi who was recently called racist by those in her own party that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly. In the end all will be happy!
I have no doubt that if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date time and place!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
TREASON?
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate however because people from California &amp; all over the land are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals Drugs or Trafficking!
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA 
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime strong on Borders loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT” and they must leave just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Deroy Murdock National Review: “We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Susan Rice who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan you were a disaster.
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett

“TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED” 
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders big on Cutting Taxes!
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members into the U.S. Our Border is sacred must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @business
Two Tweets missing from last batch probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
Today it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse! 
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military Vets Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
In New York State Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress the “Congressional Slush Fund” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
.....of money spent on protecting other countries and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: 

Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael 
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...
Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip including stops from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes because it is all a BIG CON and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
Wow. Unbelievable. 
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:  #TrumpTrain… 
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will and must build the Wall!
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation Bribery Statute Violation Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly mistake!
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C. and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way....

CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp; RANCHERS!
Terrible shootings in ElPaso Texas. Reports are very bad many killed. Working with State and Local authorities and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! 
The Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you @GLFOP! 
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin Constitutional Scholar. Meantime the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work much to do!
New York get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!
Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Mexico will try very hard and if they do that this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Great job First Lady Melania! 
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp; go and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos only great Energy!
There will be no amnesty!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
....place in TRADE it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward author and China expert. We are winning and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover and REBUILD! 
THANK YOU @DHSgov @CBP and @ICEgov! 
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
Today it was my honor to welcome our Nation’s newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse! 
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you you can only beat yourselves!
Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. Not fair to public!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Please understand there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… 
Nancy Reagan the wife of a truly great President was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
Wow @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail(no credibility) and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great! 

.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Paul Krugman of @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money. Paul just concede the game say I was right and lets start a brand new game! 
When Mueller does his final report will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?) and will he be putting in statements from.....
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea – Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim! 
Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book “Triggered.” It is really good! He along with many of us was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back and we always win!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con) and would not have taken her otherwise!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart” without getting Dem votes. Problem is they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp; so much else!
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world... 
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length and in great detail about extremely negative information on me with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative did he immediately call the FBI? NO in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International Bishop Wayne T. Jackson and Detroit!
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC 
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! 
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All or at least most of those things are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge not me and did nothing.
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation African-American Leaders Pioneers &amp; Visionaries have uplifted &amp; inspired our Country...
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A team of great champions! 
Thank you @marklevinshow!
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeade
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides views and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
After some very important meetings including my meeting with President Xi of China I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" #DrainTheSwamp
....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp; CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do Win. Too Bad!....
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!

Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today.  
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.➡️… 
Thank you Ari! 
Thank you @nycemergencymgt! 
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER we are #MAGA🇺🇸 
“Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise” 
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer he must have seen how dangerous &amp; bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis” as the Fake News Media &amp; their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
Thank you Kanye very cool! 
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
...Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
...Save your energy Rex we'll do what has to be done!
Thank you Helsinki Finland! 
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished with a finding of NO COLLUSION &amp; NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.) the Dems are going around saying “Bob who sorry don’t know the man.”
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends

The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials like James Clapper on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States guys like him Comey and the even dumber John Brennan don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back....
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
Billions of Dollars and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
…Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party Maxine Waters!
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA it gives the President extraordinary powers far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.”  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS under a serious emergency belongs!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

It is great to be here in Hackberry Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world! 
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
The Liberal Left also known as the Democrats want to get rid of ICE who do a fantastic job and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. 
USMCA make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it! 
Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas! 
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal improper goals trying to influence the Election. He should never ever been allowed to........
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… 
“U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead” 
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!

....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC de Blasio who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.  
With proper Forest Management we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. Video:  
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
.@foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! 
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job jobs jobs!
This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor the Presidential Medal of Freedom to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement Mo! 
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers no questions no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
.... against something I knew never existed Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President and Law Enforcement must find out HOW DID IT START?
Thank you Jeh so well stated! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
Heading to South Carolina really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon one which they never cease to use when they are down or run out of facts RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 
“John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
What was Nike thinking?
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign we are hereby:  
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs.
.@ConradMBlack what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend I won't forget! 
Thank you! 
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words Ocare is dead. Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems.
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise' 
#USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here:  

When people come into our Country illegally we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
...John is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs

Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys 
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp; criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNews
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
The Better Business Bureau report with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate  
As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Our Crazy Do Nothing (where’s USMCA infrastructure lower drug pricing &amp; much more?) Speaker of the House Nervous Nancy Pelosi who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they &amp; Fake News Media are her BOSS) suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION....
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms) why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar though more advanced technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility and far beyond. Not good!
Our Great Larry Kudlow who has been working so hard on trade and the economy has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!

We better be vigilant careful and strong.  
Brandon Judd President National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
“It turns out to be true now that the Department of Justice and the FBI under President Obama rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump and now it looks like in a corrupt &amp; illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey Brennan Clapper Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted) Crooked Hillary Podesta Ohr (and Nellie) the GPS Fusion characters Christopher Steele the DNC (&amp; their missing server)....
Happy Birthday @USNavy! 
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary we would all be much better off!
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington D.C. with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
Republicans &amp; others must remember the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid and got the money with no conditions. But why isn’t Germany France (Europe) paying?
Presidential Harassment! 
....information does come out.” Charlie Hurt Washington Times  @LouDobbs
Bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
....There is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility writes @KimStrassel  via @WSJ
As I have always said let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
New National Rasmussen Poll: 
Amazing! 
“This is not Congressional Oversight this is bullying.” Jason Riley The Wall Street Journal
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @EricTrump! Very proud of you! 
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Not a good situation! 
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA… 
“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night North Carolina last week!
I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un he stated very nicely that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! 
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum! If so Border Crisis will end quickly!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S. and our TAXPAYERS on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO and it is being fixed!
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders Healthcare the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
From the day I announced I was running for President I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano who wanted to be a Supreme....
Collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… 
....fashioned but true. When you don’t need or want money you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies the firings the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies not people to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had or didn’t have and now I have full confidence especially after speaking to their President yesterday that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly some things.....
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
“Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems” 
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… 
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.”  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings along with @CNN!
Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
....said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!

Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst
If we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall 
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event it is being studied now!
Thank you for your support Greensboro North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA 
Great new poll- thank you! 
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now as President of the United States it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! 
Presidential Harassment!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?

I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Great job just in time! 
Gold Star father Ceejay Metcalf whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
....Also why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary others including himself have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta Dossier?
Thank you Rad - looking great! 
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening but only time will tell!
Just landed in Fort Wayne Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! 
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE.… 
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed! 
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction China. But in the end if we are smart tough and well prepared we will get along with everyone!
Thank you Des Moines Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth#Debates 
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to) and even Mueller himself but now that both were a total BUST they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
NATO countries must pay MORE the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
Thank you Jacob! 
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.

....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp; Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also thanks for your great support!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia Russia Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday using a certain horrible term that person would be banned permanently from television....
A wonderful man and great Republican! 
... Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
.....this thinking years ago. Instead it was always held together with very weak bandaids &amp; in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides &amp; a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil &amp; the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds &amp; Turkey....
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! 
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said “I actually think whether you like his opinions or not that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
Again the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!

Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: 
Join me live in Wilmington Ohio!
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!
Just departed New Mexico for California where we are delivering results! 
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges biggest Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts V.A. Choice Best Economy Lowest Unemployment &amp; much more!
Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency even being previously forced by NBC to apologize which he did while crying for things he said about me &amp; The Apprentice was again forced to apologize this time.....
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! 
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John they will say he is a true star. Also distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! 

Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
THANK YOU! 
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!📸 
WELCOME BACK JOE! 
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement we are in the final steps of the process which when complete would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp; vice versa.
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations David a very big deal! 
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION a beautiful thing!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but importantly our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
....which it was not (but even if it was it is only a CIVIL CASE like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
We love you Dayton Ohio! 
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
Great Job Tim! 
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more JOBS! 
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! 
The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
“It was just a congenial phone call but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false accusation and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
No Kevin Jeff Flake is better! 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
Another great poll result! Thank you! 
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. 
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country this Wirch Hunt should end now! 
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live not funny/no talent can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me) over &amp; over without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......

Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack.
People get what is going on! 
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
Establishment of the U.S. Space Command! 
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in will be back soon! 
I am the only person in America who could say that “I’m bringing our great troops back home with victory” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever they would still be unhappy!
Heading to Youngstown Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst 
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower” said Ralph Reed the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!… 
South Korea is finding as I have told them that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work they only understand one thing!
Response to the Pope:
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax the biggest in American history!
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson a great Christian family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
By the way Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video. 
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd long lines. Will be great! #MAGA
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM 
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened and there were no sources!
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian. 
“The Media’s Mueller Meltdown” @JesseBWatters 

Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
AMERICA FIRST!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt they scream Obstruction!
To the people of Kentucky Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow Nellie Ohr Bruce Ohr’s wife is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is unbelievably still there!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
The Obama Administration built the Cages not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The already discredited Woodward book so many lies and phony sources has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER never used those terms on anyone including Jeff and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
My friend @AriEmanuel of @IMG bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila  “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp; VOTE. Remember we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
Prior to the end of the year I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
The Whistleblower who had the facts wrong about the phone call reached out and more to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions and this very important case to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
Looking more &amp; more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
See you in New Hampshire! 
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign &amp; funded through a...

THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
Great job FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy very dangerous tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
"The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” @Varneyco 
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets the Military and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces after having found zero Russian Collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @SecPriceMD..... 
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. Later today I will sign his Commission of Appointment and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army Mark Esper to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
....they are Anti-Semitic they are Anti-America we don’t need to know anything about them personally talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting that the American people will reject......
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and WOW Comey is a leaker!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
....I asked John for his resignation which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
So nice thank you both! 
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country and Prime Minister May about their failed Brexit negotiation and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
...over the years I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes unknown soldiers Prisoners of War those Missing in Action and their families. #VFWConvention 
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can and must END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including Servers and Emails!
....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try!
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
Thank you! 
“Our company has grown since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp; the Presidency in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER and BETTER and S… 
Senator Richard Burr The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong we love you!
.....ALSO NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do or say whatever it takes with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN 
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS he should be fired.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! 
Just like I have warned from the beginning Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo but it doesn’t matter there is nothing wrong with that it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so but read the transcript there is no quid pro quo!
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document!
In every decision we make we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes crippling regs &amp; corrupt politics left our communities hurting our economy stagnant &amp; millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE! 
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one and my statement on China pertained to corruption not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama he could have won. Sadly he choked!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
WOW they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now! 
Something very big has just happened!
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
Great Coach Great Guy! 
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… 
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party HOAX!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
Economic numbers reach an all time high the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' 
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!

WOW - Mesa Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Something’s happening!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver! 
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings.
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump  
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman who has since resigned over horrific women abuse when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners the Democrats. It is so wrong but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
It was my great honor to join proud hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA 
.@AlanDersh a brilliant lawyer who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters whose crazy rants have made her together with Nancy Pelosi the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear America is now stronger than ever before and I’m not going anywhere!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan.
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson CEO of Lockheed Martin of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville Pennsylvania open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries but I loved working with him! 
Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z! 
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed the Economy is looking very strong the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely there is little or no Inflation and USA optimism is very high!
....European countries are not helping at all even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
Join our next Vice President @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI:  
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence the term Fake News!
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot she wants no part of Trump.
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
Thank you Dr. Jeffress! 
The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which if they exist at all which I doubt are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere! 
I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS our mutual involvement in Syria &amp; the slow &amp; highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.
“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are will they “move the goalposts” and is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts but I’ll be able to figure it out!
As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! 
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
#LaborDay #AmericaFirstVideo:  
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided it should have been stopped many years ago!
Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Join me live in Reno Nevada! 
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
Tom Homan fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents and I respect them all but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump that’s just a stone cold fact!”
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI Department of Justice Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Secret Service... 
Thank you Jessica! 


....into the future will continue. In the meantime the United States has imposed Tariffs on China which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! 
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
....employment numbers ever low taxes &amp; regulations a rebuilt military &amp; V.A. many great new judges &amp; so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation a Witch Hunt a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp; hopefully guilty people will pay!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel Chuck!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House from Dallas where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Got to see by accident wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H. stay here rather than..
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal" 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate 
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea an important statement for all and a great honor!
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Thanks for your support! 
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China.....
“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in we must immediately with no Judges or Court Cases bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
....and Safety at the Border or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
THANK YOU AMERICA!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries which seem to have almost no control over their population I must in the strongest of terms ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest... 
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs build in the U.S.A. Otherwise lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader Yale and then Harvard Law who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
Beautiful evening in Mesa Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you!  #MAGARally🇺🇸replay:  
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
Remember the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today in Florida @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Saint Lucia! 
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp; we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really does that sound like me? What advisors there were no talking points....
.@ByronYork: “How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?” 
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! 
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for Northwest Ohio for our GREAT MILITARY and for our entire Country...
.@RepCummings — your district! 
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea and Japan if he so chooses. If he does they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes and other...
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! 
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
The FBI local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! 
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump Video:  
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate Jill Stein a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' 
Where is the LameStream Media on this? 
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....Similarly Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations just like other Banks both National...
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat Jones in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
Just like the NFL whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned I just find it hard to watch and always will until they stand for the FLAG!
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words our interest costs are much higher than other countries when they should be lower. Correct!
True! 
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. 
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit 
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders which equals crime!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings) to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… 
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.” @guypbenson @FoxNews
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. 
“It’s about peace and Prosperity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp; Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
“We have a booming economy and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here:  
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much and has come out a total winner!
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in is far more important to me as President than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
We must always protect those who protect us. Today it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land!  
....If this is done illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little by comparison cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay 
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
Today’s Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs  
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor the State will be a crime ridden overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia full Endorsement! 
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
Today it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH 
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don't have a country!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA🇺🇸 
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly) became President and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families. They inspired their communities... 
🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America

Great evening last night thank you! 
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example the failing New York Times...
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday Vote Republican!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. 
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas a friend and great man! 
“Tax cuts deregulation and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat.“ @SecretaryRoss 
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!

I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing.......
Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason &amp; with no proof after I fired Lyin’ James Comey a total sleaze!
Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
“The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller already Number One! More importantly it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
.@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again in the near future. 
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.

Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Starting Monday our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!
On China Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!

Thank you @MarkLevinShow! 
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp; Crooked-USED!
....Because of me these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSC
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation when I released the exact conversation Transcript and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” 
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached and worse!
Two incredible people. I can’t believe they’re not working (few work harder)! 
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together we are going to #MAGA!  
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸 
The Never Trumper Republicans though on respirators with not many left are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them they are human scum!
Thank you @Theresa_May!🇺🇸🇬🇧 
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown” have ZERO credibility or respect &amp; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday I will tell you the secret!
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! 
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Impeach for what having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country’s history rebuilding our Military taking care of our Vets (Choice) Judges Best Jobs Numbers Ever and much more? Dems are Obstructionists! 
AMERICAN HERO! 
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
Congressman Adam Schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from Congress!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick Cryin’ Chuck Schumer want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp; its future. We are setting records in so many ways &amp; we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp; I am so thankful!
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs. Also billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roarwatch!
'Why Trump' 
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation it will only take longer to make a deal and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance including a watch list to protect America
“President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration” 
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.  
Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise!
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. 
Real @FoxNews is doing great Fake News CNN is dead! 
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! 
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! 
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime strong on borders loves our Military and our Vets! #NDSen 
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 

Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
Happy birthday to @garyplayer a truly great Champion and Person!
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.@BrentBozell one of the National Review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
Congratulations to Paul Ryan Kevin McCarthy Kevin Brady Steve Scalise Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:  #VoteTrumpSC
Now that Russian collusion after one year of intense study has proven to be a total hoax on the American public the Democrats and their lapdogs the Fake News Mainstream Media are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:  
....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy or anything else.
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S. say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages testing research and all missle launches have stoped and these pundits who have called me wrong from the beginning have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids Michigan now. Watch NH rally here:… 
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House! 
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! 
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television Don Lemon!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Thank you Dan! 
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp; conditions in Baltimore) for decades and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border! 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though as President I have an “obligation” to look into corruption and Biden’s actions on tape about firing the prosecutor and his son’s taking millions of dollars with no knowledge or talent from a.....
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences and this was TREASON!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. 
AMERICA FIRST!
We are doing very well with China and talking!
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia against all odds and having Patrick a real fighter by my side would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
Sessions didn’t have a clue! 
Thank you Warwick Rhode Island!#RIPrimary #VoteTrump  
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! 
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO or less and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency power and balance sheet.....
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the U.S. then with all of the Committee Hearings Investigations and Party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@timkaine is wrong for defense:  #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan. Th… 
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived like to complain about me &amp; my tactics which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year at my request but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! 
#DONOTHINGDEMS
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....Actually throughout my life my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being like really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and as everyone knows went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman to top T.V. Star.....
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
“Pledge to America’s Workers” 
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar leaker &amp; freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker former FBI Assistant Director.
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. 
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
No Collusion and No Obstruction except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan Comey McCabe Strzok lies to Congress or Crooked’s Emails!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world watch!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy! 
“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robert Ray. “Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.” @Varneyco
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Thank you very much. Working hard! 
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA 
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: 
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi Vietnam early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNews
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! 
In order to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of by &amp; for the PEOPLE I need your VOTE! Go to  LET'S #MAGA!
If their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
....In addition I want to meet not only my accuser who presented SECOND &amp; THIRD HAND INFORMATION but also the person who illegally gave this information which was largely incorrect to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying  via @BreitbartNews
With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes!
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade opening markets and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over! 
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Once again we will have a government of by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!  
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
Military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly.
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA 
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity  &amp; @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday✅Florida✅Illinois✅Missouri✅North Carolina✅Ohio #TrumpTrain  
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong and only let us down....
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy @RepLaMalfa and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate 
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
So important. Should have been done years ago! 
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. 
FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!


Wow @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. 
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
Happy Constitution Day! 
Thank you David! 

Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man but we are cutting back on Turkey!
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
Mexico is doing great at the Border but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
A great guy (with great ratings)! 
Dan will be GREAT! 
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration &amp; it was ignored.” Mark Morgan Border Chief for “O”!
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp; other Conservative speaker events all over the Country AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
Joe Ricketts one of our Country’s most successful businessmen including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs has just written a great new book THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election when the Market shot right up it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created &amp; used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors it is the Federal Reserve!
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA 
Last night it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! 
When people come into our Country illegally they will be DEPORTED!
Our Country has lost stupidly Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year &amp; they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and frankly would be far....
Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
One of the greats! 
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Big wins against ISIS!
The Radical Left Dems are working hard but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard thank you! 
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America! 
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA Andrew Wheeler will...
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad &amp; solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful! 
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration or even Fake News - but why not everything else is!

Democrats who want Open Borders and care little about Crime are incompetent but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report &amp; that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp; total transparency this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe! 
....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy much different than proceeding administrations. It is called quite simply America First! With all of that however I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC considered the worst mayor in the U.S. will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE but if you like high taxes &amp; crime he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated.
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia. So sad!
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts &amp; failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox including Shep Smith by far....
John James running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow who does nothing for Michigan!
The U.S. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great and Regulations &amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS JOBS JOBS
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Thank you our great honor! 
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! 
...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union for many years has taken advantage of us on Trade and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge Rosemary Collier to hold a hearing haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed and there were there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred!
As Diwali commences @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali 
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam!
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
@Maddow you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO… 
Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong!
“The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.” Yesterday’s Mick Mulvaney statement
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
“Everyone knows there was a Spy and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ➡️ 
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America &amp; the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential.  
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
....Ukrainian energy company and more millions taken from China and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
Republicans must stick together! 
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' 
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen their most important tournament this afternoon.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come first serve. Arrive early!
We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT 
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President stunning!” Thank you Mary.
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! 
The so-called Whistleblower before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy frightening and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!

“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done absolutely done he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left it will never be enough!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” 
Thank you Steve! 
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard supply chains breaking up as many companies move or look to move to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawk
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President I will protect your market. 
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch:  #ReadTheBill:… 
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Whales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp; Tactics. Mr. President We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....
....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas for the incredible amount of time money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore a very respected Economist will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
Will be in Phoenix Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore job-killing regulations shut down your coal mines and timber mills take away your healthcare impose socialism and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana! 
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice &amp; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. 
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: 
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA 
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence
Join me live in Toledo Ohio!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
In the East it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country but not other countries was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Today it was my great honor to welcome @NATO Secretary General @JensStoltenberg to the @WhiteHouse! 
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
#AmericasMerkel 
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville North Carolina! See you… 
In Britain more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today and every day we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation’s uniforms!  
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
I’m draining the Swamp and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry we will win!
Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I’ll get back to you soon!

Thank you Tampa Florida!#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain 
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district and Baltimore itself perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done! 
Hans Von Spakovsky “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Thank you Abingdon Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  

“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So what else is new. He is a total phony!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
“Give Up Trump-Haters” 
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! 
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show to so many how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

 
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership America is BOOMING America is THRIVING and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA🇺🇸 
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
For too many years our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need.
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years and six months ago when I very publicly wanted to do it I agreed to stay longer. Russia Iran Syria &amp; others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp; rebuild. #MAGA
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
Congratulations to @TigerWoods. a truly Great Champion!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS JOBS JOBS!
So if there was knowingly &amp; acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp; all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.......
Hello Baltimore! 
Thank you to two great people! 
...during the call and told me that he has already started and will rapidly expand a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! 
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged a Scam!
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
@SebGorka Wins Big No Contest!
Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field or better.
THANK YOU Daytona Beach Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
The California Fire Fighters FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media or people who work for the Corrupt Media when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is if you don’t hit back people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
Good Morning Have A Great Day!

So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
Wow so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty) look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught.....
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no Wall there is no DACA. We must have safety and security together with a strong Military for our great people!
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale (@MattForMontana). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets:  
The Crazed Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country and not what the Founders had in mind!!!!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: 
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Very surprised that China would be doing this? 
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
Well it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist the Times must for National Security purposes turn him/her over to government at once!
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories hurt our jobs depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
Today the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.  
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… 
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers the finest on earth. Over the last four days we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
Statement from Secretary of Defense James Mattis: 
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
So bad for our Country! 
CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud! 
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY: #VPDebate
See you soon Dallas Texas! 
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!

#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary 
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Thanks Eric! 
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?

Under our horrible immigration laws the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this big win today for Republicans!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
So to all Americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney Director of the Office of Management &amp; Budget will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff replacing General John Kelly who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
Peter Morici Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope
Pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate New York. 
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Once again #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… 
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China which is trying to help but with little success.
Strong jobs report low inflation and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon too often &amp; tightened while others did just the opposite....
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
China and the United States are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool it will all work out!
....with the U.S. and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp; pumping not by the U.S. taxpayer!
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares  via @BreitbartNews
Congrats to @Reince Priebus a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! 
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors and even Treason. I guess that means that they along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them must all be immediately Impeached!
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi! 
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott they really get it (lowest Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment in history).
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state like what they are doing to our great NRA which I think will move quickly to Texas where they are loved.....
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job I am very proud of him. His predecessor Rex Tillerson didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame great spirit at State!
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL!
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. 
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!
Congratulations John! 
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!🇺🇸🇮🇱 
Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!

If @MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump he could have won the race (maybe)! 
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen! Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
The Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN NBC ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country! 
As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸#UNGAFull remarks:  
Departing for Orlando Florida with @FLOTUS Melania! 
This is great - on my way see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! 
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” 
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S. not to mention the Drugs &amp; Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords Cartels &amp; Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Thanks @PiersMorgan. You're great!
There is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma North Carolina!#ICYMI watch here… 
Just finished a very good &amp; cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength &amp; its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. &amp; others etc.
THANK YOU St. Augustine Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Thank you! 
Fake News is so bad for our Country! 
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
Do you think they like me? 
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes creating great new healthcare programs at low cost fighting for Border Security our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana we want Clay!
Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
Congratulations Barbara! 
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving &amp; cursing they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings...
'CNBC Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGA
I'm saying that the Tea Party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
“Adam Schiff’s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions deception and illusions – Not facts” @GreggJarrett 
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! 
..."collusion" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's...
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
WOW @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP is in pocket of Wall Street and backed Iraq War.
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm please prepare and be safe! @FEMA @NWS @NOAA @Readygov @FLSERT 
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories no mention....
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp; DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion grief and sorrow for the events that took place was in its own way very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
“Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations”  
Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService! 
A big week especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
It never ends!  
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
“You have a Fake Dossier gathered by Steele paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:  
Thanks! 
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: 
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing....

....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians Pelosi and Schiff are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen we will take back the House!
See you there! 
 
I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S. a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story one of many by the Fake News Media!
Heading to Pensacola Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday? 
Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘️ 
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
...considerable aid including money fuel fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… 
......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA which has been sitting on her desk for months!
Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
The Wall is the Wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good if not GREAT come out of these two tragic events!
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette Louisiana this evening.
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money so they fabricate a.....
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly and now is very very late. Too bad so much to gain on the upside!
THANK YOU Grand Rapids Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland!  
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said and says?
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed!
Sad when you think about it but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy call me!
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky! 
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election first at the “ballot box” and then after that failed with the “Insurance Policy” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!

“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy and create many beautiful JOBS!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!

The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now after many years in Government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! 
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion they only want to talk about Obstruction even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
....President. We are WINNING big the envy of the WORLD but just think what it could be?
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade Military and everything else! Excellent call wished him congrats!
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor Andrew Brunson from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp; father. He has done nothing wrong and his family needs him!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon! 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
Thank you.  
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again so are many others!
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA 
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY so that the next time I (and the people) win you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are!
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou 
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse FBI Comey Lynch McCabe Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
.....Ice Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be however a far easier &amp; less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp; fully renovated others making them like new. The Democrats.....
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou  
....He had the Majority &amp; blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA #KAG 

....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
Wow what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort who has represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
I will be going to Green Bay Wisconsin for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@Franklin_Graham so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden who with his son Hunter and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff Tim Kaine who is weak on crime and borders and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey a major chance of winning!
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett
Harry Reid when he was sane agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship! 
Remember Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report &amp; also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly) Comey Brennan Clapper &amp; all of the many fired people of the FBI be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages Inhumane Treatment at the Border” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Such a beautiful map thank you! 
#CrookedHillary 
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS 
We won’t Steve! 
Happy #FlagDay🇺🇸 
...It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars....
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
I agree! 
Sad! 

Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it and fully understand!
I love Canada but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!

Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S. for many years. Stay tuned!
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies which are not money and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior including drug trade and other illegal activity....
Thank you Terrence! 
NORTH CAROLINA VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
Thank you Newt! 
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. 
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer Dr. John Eastman said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM! 
Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs tonight hosted by Lou’s friend @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel Broadway. Have fun!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border) and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp; Corrupt News!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
Happy Birthday Regis a truly special man!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 
“I mean come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
Thank you Mississippi - I love you! 
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Maryland! #VoteTrump 
Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!  
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
Throughout American history the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day we honor all American Prisoners of War:  
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence not a whiff of collusion between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don) perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
....Death to America. I terminated deal which was not even ratified by Congress and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
The Fake News put out a typically false statement without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
“In America if you hate our Country you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins they think that America is even more wicked now that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.....
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
Thank you South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
“A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S. but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us including President Macron of France....

Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign! 
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
Together we can save American JOBS American LIVES and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime Human Trafficking and Drugs entering our Country. Watch when you get back to your State they will LOVE you more than ever before!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately only a small number of players decided to come and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Finally great news at the Border! 
Thank you @Trish_Regan! 
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! 
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!  
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:… 
Florida very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:  
Congressman Michael McCaul “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! 
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).
This is a National Emergency...
The great Scam is being revealed! 
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay 
Join me live for the #SOTU
I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! 
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.”  @RandPaul
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Thank you Indiana I love you!
A great First Lady! 
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!

#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
"...blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory the narrative that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public." @RepLeeZeldin 
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff this is GREAT what everyone wants so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails Comey lies &amp; leaks Mueller conflicts McCabe Strzok Page Ohr......
Our economy is the best in the world by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
....IG Report which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp; Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction No Collusion only treasonous crimes committed by the other side and led by the Democrats. Sad!
I will be going to Sarasota Florida today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained prior to being sent back to their country!
....They came to me asking for help and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!

There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! 
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party Republican wins will be massive! 
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling with no poison pills....
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: 
Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me was agony. Alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a far greater talent!
Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans! 
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people &amp; WIN!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!

The Failing New York Times has a new publisher A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder Adolph Ochs “to give the news impartially without fear or FAVOR regardless of party sect or interests involved.” Get...
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc… 
TO ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸
According to polling few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or even better an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
....China which is for the first time doing poorly against us is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning but must be strong!
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
Romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!

A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! 
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean look at the joblessness report today. What I’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think....
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa and while I would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake who is WEAK on borders crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS GROWTH for our country tearing down TRADE BARRIERS JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTickets:  
....and other really bad people SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp; worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… 
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
The USA Loves India! 
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave &amp; will now be staying. New York &amp; others should start changing their thought process on taxes fast!
We are winning big time against China. Companies &amp; jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up and in some cases have come down. China is not our problem though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp; too fast. Now too slow to cut....
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
Big progress at the Border but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
As I predicted all along Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy get it done!
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower? 
Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC! 
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or to state it differently FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward as we must because of the importance of the answer to this question.
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
Thank you Mark! 
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:… 
Happy birthday Vince you are truly one of the greats! 
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA 
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together you reach more people than any television broadcast BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit 
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach Florida at noon. Tune in!
So great to watch &amp; listen to all these people who write books &amp; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in I then sit back look around &amp; say “gee I’m in the White House &amp; they’re not!
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews  “All around the Country people are.......
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama Bush &amp; me Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success except in the Fake News Media!
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote!
Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS SPIES AND LIES....
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here:  
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! 
Women defy media narrative love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO:  
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
Thank you North Dakota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong🇵🇷
...We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp; the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence &amp; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… 
Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks: 🎥 
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse:  
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor The Presidential Medal of Freedom for his outstanding career both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry! @Sen_JoeManchin 
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time! 
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada &amp; having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video:  
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainSIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC the Do Nothing Democrat “leader.” 
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Thank you for your endorsement @GovernorSununu. #MAGA 
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp; we will heal &amp; be stronger than ever before!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!
Just out: The big deal very mysterious Don jr telephone calls after the innocent Trump Tower meeting that the media &amp; Dems said were made to his father (me) were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp; business associates of Don. Really sad!
Walmart a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing just released outstanding numbers. Our Country unlike others is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! 
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them it should be their home Country the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman! 
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #MAGA
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this we need to… 
Thank you Amy! 
So great Mark! 
AMERICA FIRST!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now as an example able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!

'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.' 
We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! 
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget ahead of schedule!
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country they have never been so bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! 
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! 
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great fight Champ! 
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
Thank you Cleveland Ohio! 
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable. But remember WE are number one - President!
.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks I agree!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office I was under a sick &amp; unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Congratulations to @FoxNews you left @CNN &amp; @MSNBC in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). 
Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington right up there with Comey Warner Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT  
As I have stated strongly before and just to reiterate if Turkey does anything that I in my great and unmatched wisdom consider to be off limits I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must with Europe and others watch over...
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING and had no intention of doing anything!
I’m fighting for the American people but the Democrats’ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to  and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp; don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!

EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ 

Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should a perfect call - got them by surprise!
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller who is doing a really good job could run for Senate unopposed!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
.....BY THE WAY DON’T CALL ME AGAIN I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder that wasn’t just stupid it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp; the American People. End Witch Hunt!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Thank you Montana I love you! 
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr former Special Prosecutor
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. 
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt Acting Secretary of the Interior will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp; Schiff) why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp; learn everything about....
A Giant Scam! 
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No James Clapper I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot!
Congressman John Ratcliffe “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants that the important information was kept from the court there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
.@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are a year and a half later.”

....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
With Spies or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not) all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?

“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 
WELCOME HOME JOSH! 
If this were a prizefight they’d stop it!
Thank you Ohio. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 

....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back they said you keep them USA! I said “NO we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
Heading to Ohio!
The Fake News Media in particular the Failing @nytimes is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all people should not be entering our Country illegally only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCarthy
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
Thank you Mississippi - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
CNN’S slogan is CNN THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
Here is the video “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit➡️ 
“President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence” 
Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” 
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!

JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 
My Administration Governor @RicardoRossello and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect but is not impeachable. No it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! 

....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later Ambassador Sondland said that I told him “Good go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference:  
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk Va.
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… 
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge TIME etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! 
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
.@GreggJarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” 
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant?
Time for Democrats to accept reality 
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response crowd and enthusiasm (actually all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
.....China does not want Tariffs!
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does in the future turn down! Very inexpensive in fact productive  to move now. The Fed raised &amp; tightened far too much &amp; too fast. In other words they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
This isn’t about a Campaign this is about Corruption on a massive scale! 
Unbeknownst to almost everyone the major Taliban leaders and separately the President of Afghanistan were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately in order to build false leverage they admitted to..
#TheRemembranceProject 
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. 
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein Chabad  of Poway where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be going to Detroit Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy thank you so much for your prayers I know you truly mean it!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… 
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea...
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny I’m only here because of Biden &amp; Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump who is getting it done - big time!
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp; all Jewish people &amp; there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. 
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services which they are now doing but also to our Manufacturing Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… 
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer."  
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum… 
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump even though he did nothin wrong while they “fish!”
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change) not late. Let America win big rather than just win!
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 
Thank you both. Sooo nice! 
With the fantastic ratings last weekend @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay 
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
Just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont: 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp; ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year. 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. 
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk pen in hand!
Heading to Jamestown Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible but that’s ok because today is not about them!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE! 
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement:  
Happy Birthday Vince! 
Another Dishonest Politician #LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio 
We have just begun! 
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff Yahoo for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; DNC!
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy BALL OF COLLUSION THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work which Chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
See you tomorrow Dutchess County New York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain 
After decades of lies and scandal Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
Thank you to @MSNBC! 
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe and loses Big on Trade!
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!

One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele a foreign agent paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........
In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
....President who is willing to have the battle and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON! 
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp; Fake Media! 
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #Harvey. So far so good!
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville North Carolina. This is amazing! 
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
A disgrace! 
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen. 
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing! 
...things up better than ever before but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers and will win!
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou
In honor of his past service to our Country Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNorman
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. 
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
Thank you Steve! 
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word even though they know they are defrauding &amp; deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
Like it or not Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming not happy about this!
Under our potential deal with China they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
Just remember the Iranians never won a war but never lost a negotiation!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... 
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries they are wrong I DO. What I don’t like however is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States both in Military Protection and Trade...
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all. Fake News!
When you see “anonymous source” stop reading the story it is fiction!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade.
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸Watch➡️ 
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Just landed from Paris France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwampWatch rally:… 
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes but as shown in the House good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAngelo is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
True. Great job @RepMikeTurner! 
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt! 
Great job by FEMA Law Enforcement First Responders U.S. Coast Guard and ALL! Keep going we all appreciate what you are doing!
 
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act! 
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
Joe Biden just said “We believe in facts not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
We stand firmly strongly and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough but Americans across this Country love you support you and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou Video:… 
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify &amp; the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp; totally different from the actual transcribed call...
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Senator Bob Corker just stated that “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Well now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Chairman Kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him) it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
Thank you Jim! 
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry our Military is rebuilt new  and ready to go by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp; more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons not against the USA and not against the WORLD!
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA FL IA NE NC and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me they would have been shut out! 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance it’s worth great prestige and big dollars even board seats and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence! 
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low it’s FAKE NEWS!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk no action -- maybe her Native American name?
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. 
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington D.C. TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany doing great!
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp; DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal unlike those of the past can happen!
Guatemala which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people some with criminal records to the United States has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN”....
Yesterday it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse.... 
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence 
Thank you working hard! #MAGA 
.@lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S. and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE. 
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey by the man in charge of the case Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant) be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it including legislation on gun safety lowering of prescription drug prices infrastructure etc. So bad for our Country!
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine but not for this!
It is now commonly agreed after many months of COSTLY looking that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis United Steelworkers
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated Dems and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Thank you to General John Kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the Staff and others in the White House for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to WIN and few have won more than us!
....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
Mexico Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now because of the USMCA work very well together. Great Spirit!
To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. Bipartisan make deal Dems?
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down no transparency only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
As usual China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Pastor Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry we are in very  good shape!
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money but it is a journalistic disaster being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox NBC CNN Zogby &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now! 
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C. 

Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason like old age just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!

Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit are locked and loaded depending on verification but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack and under what terms we would proceed!
“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know for a change.”  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpost
Facebook Google and Twitter not to mention the Corrupt Media are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not we will win anyway just like we did before! #MAGA
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and#PoliceWeek Proclamation:  
For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade Intellectual Property Theft and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China with no end in sight....
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs.....
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… 
...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp; time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border) Infrastructure much lower drug prices &amp; much more - and do it now!
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week! 
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home they may Rest In Peace and hopefully their families can have closure.
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
He should be Impeached for Fraud! 
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Congratulations @StLouisBlues! 
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who like many others never had a clue) is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. 
“The Democrats are trashing this President &amp; in the process trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
Always heard that as President “it’s all about the economy!” Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
Read the Transcript!
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
Congratulations America we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!

Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of “cash” compliments of China Tariffs prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime and as you may have noticed China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida….Strong on Crime Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
....It will be beautiful and at the same time give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening good for all!
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money does another for votes. 
China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen and North Korea to be VERY successful but only after signing!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes too much spotlight on them now!
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE!  
#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats working closely with their beloved partner the Fake News Media is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
True. Should have never been there in the first place! 
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“John Brennan no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp 
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.

I will be in Huntsville Alabama on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
Have a great game today @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! #ArmyNavyGame #USA🇺🇸 
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp; getting so little credit!
Great new poll - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace. Let Arizona down!
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸 
Iran the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
....The fact is when I took over as President our Country was a mess. Depleted Military Endless Wars a potential War with North Korea V.A. High Taxes &amp; too many Regulations Border Immigration &amp; HealthCare problems &amp; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. 
Thank you- on my way!  
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet but I’m sure the....
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi Crime and the Open Border Democrats!
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol and others in Law Enforcement have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp; the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY! 
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… 
For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
A great team working hard! 
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Wow even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. 
Worthless @NYDailyNews which dopey Mort Zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
My daughter Ivanka will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington D.C. next year &amp; hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be &amp; where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp; women of the Pentagon for working it out!
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that we play the game because I unlike the Democrats have done nothing wrong!
Congratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website 
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!

We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!

Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. 

“Schiff House Intel Chairman Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!  
....embargo together with highest-level sanctions will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia. ➡️
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA 
An amazing guy respected by all! 
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away... 
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who had unlimited funds and human resources the end result was No Collusion No Obstruction. Amazing!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
Wow! Was just told that my son’s book “Triggered” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
Join me live in Hershey Pennsylvania! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain LIVE:  
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp; other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates 
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriends
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson CEO of @LockheedMartin about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon....
For the record I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!

Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction.
It is ONLY about this! 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Incredible afternoon in El Paso Texas. We love you and are with you all the way! 
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller &amp; the Democrats. Nevertheless the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country The Enemy of the People! 
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! 
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first and therefore most important phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel &amp; we will heel &amp; be stronger than ever before!
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp; with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
....and viciously telling the people of the United States the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE  
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time!
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!  
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Thank you working hard! 
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.

We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work @SecShulkin @DeptVetAffairs!  
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS the Chinese or with Putin.
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusForTrump Video:  
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
Nick Adams "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
I often said during rallies with little variation that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
Crooked Hillary should try it again! 
...And it will get as I have always said much better from even here! 
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
...Yes I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break despite the fact that she was despised by everyone and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange he will be great!
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
Working hard thank you! 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
It was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off...
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Sean Davis The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
“With President Trump at the helm not only is America getting great again but he’s going to make our estuaries our rivers our water - everything better - the things he is doing and done are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah thank you for a job well done!
#DrainTheSwamp!
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So on top of ridiculously high taxes my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!

American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you Katie! 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... 
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report) and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but being an arm of the Democrat Party don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
China Iran &amp; other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump NO WAY!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! 
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will Sean Spicer has written a great new book “The Briefing: Politics the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good go get it!
....campaign which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
“This is a big win for America and also for President Trump.” @nypost
Remember when Iran shot down a drone saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when in fact it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America Israel and around the World! 
Is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason? 
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp; safety!
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! 
Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges but... 
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️… 
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out and hoping on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
The Democrats who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation including infrastructure unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
Heading now to Pella Iowa. Big crowd! Remember Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou 
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Remember Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp; unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server or Crooked’s office?
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. 
This is my pledge to the American people: 
WELCOME HOME AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto a Navajo Code Talker in World War II over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John Rest In Peace!
Mr. Cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a non-disclosure agreement or NDA. These agreements are.....
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! 
#MadeInAmerica Showcase! 
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard #LEOs &amp; the #CajunNavy! 
CHANGE THE LAWS!
.... advantage and also due to the fact that older highly polluting cars will be replaced by new extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard but the cars will be....
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… 
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers! 
North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
Thank you Portland Maine! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end I believe the final results will be even better than that!
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!
The United States is now by far the Biggest Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World it is not even close! As others falter we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“Impeachment’s over!”@TerryMoran @ABCPolitics 
@oreillyfactor horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!

Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should in my opinion serve a full and complete sentence.
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals and Illegal Immigration are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday in the not too distant future America will see a very positive change. Remember America First!
.....Now if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border both humanitarian and otherwise tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸🎥 
Billions of dollars are and will be coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 

Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There' 
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
VETO!
This is now changing - for the first time! 
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students families teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever... 
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
....As usual Powell let us down but at least he is ending quantitative tightening which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire or pause to work. Likewise the Kurds want it and the ultimate solution to happen. Too bad there wasn’t.....
“Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe. ‘We already know how it’s going to end.” @FoxNews
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’ 
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money!
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Today on #NationalAgDay we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… 
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘Whistleblower’ Worked For Hillary Clinton Chuck Schumer” 
Join me Tuesday in Everett Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:  
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country! 
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO Mary Barra for closing plants in Ohio Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp; China. The U.S. saved General Motors and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies including....
Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters &amp; is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite” but they are not Elite. In fact it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible he’s got the entire media against him attacking him every day and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein “The Capitalist Code”
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here in our country some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win even if it does save potentially millions &amp; millions of lives!
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed failed and failed. #BigLeagueTruthTime to #DrainTheSwamp! 
As I predicted Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong especially relative to ALL other currencies that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
.@JonahNRO watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.

It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice you will do much better!
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!” 
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!

Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effort!
Today I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats! 
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:  #BigLeagueTruth
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice and when it then became a big hit helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp; profusely thanked me even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... 
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China the coming North Korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count… 
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at:  and get out to… 
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job but without the Wall which is now under major construction you cannot have Border Security. Drugs Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
Today we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.#WorldAutismAwarenessDay 
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
A great night in Macon Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Thank you! Facebook:   
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others) colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed especially at borders!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
Thank you! 
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to or be allowed in the United States!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
....We discussed Trade Venezuela Ukraine North Korea Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!  
A complete Witch Hunt!
Thank you for your continued support!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me they will talk to her. Fake News!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning! 
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians!
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week get home ASAP A$AP!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing we do have great teams in IA NH SC and beyond. 
More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp; Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
“Special Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Today I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten we are fighting for you! 
Leaving now for Texas!
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false acquisition and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
....Richard Cordray will let you down just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!

I campaigned on Border Security which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound” where drugs criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls makeshift Walls &amp; Fences or Border Patrol Officers &amp; Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you! 
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more not fair to  U.S.
.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum a mayor who presides over one of the worst run and most corrupt cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
This should have been taken care of years ago the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! 
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws.....
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Finally great news at the Border! 
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN! 
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight out of mind” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
#SOTU
...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Tonight in Tokyo Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. President’s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all thank you @AbeShinzo!! 

Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! 
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
Thank you @RepLouBarletta! 
Why is the United States Post Office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
Jay Webber of New Jersey running for Congress is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall end Catch &amp; Release Visa Lottery and Chain and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
Earlier today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇪🇸 
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator and when they pushed the envelope there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp; knew exactly...
NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset so phony! Josh Hawley should win big and has my full endorsement.
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. 
.....there is not we can always go back to our previous very profitable position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes &amp; ratings challenged @CNN will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida:  
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
HAPPY EASTER!
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason bribery high crimes &amp;  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence Impeachment...
Check this out - TRUTH! 
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders hence drugs and crime!
Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! 
Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
#MerryChristmas 
Biggest crowd EVER according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems &amp; their Partner LameStream Media saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! 
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville Indiana for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'
Peggy Noonan the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement Peggy never understood it!
Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! 
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'
....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp; the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat find your polling location below &amp; go vote for your next #LAgov @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote➡️ 
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum I am ending both. Thank you all!
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!  
Don’t hurt them please! 
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Very interesting! 
“Special Council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me! 
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin &amp; booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall &amp; failed (happening anyway!)......
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters who do whatever Brian &amp; Steve tell them to do. Like CNN NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates is now loading up with Democrats &amp; even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp; Financial Success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! 
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” &amp; lawyer...
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
Where’s the Whistleblower?
....putting these massive and many fires out. Great firefighters! Also open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water and you can have it now!
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
.@NikkiHaley is out with a new book “With All Due Respect” this week. Make sure you order your copy today or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki! 
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn’t get everybody in. I will be back soon! 
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
...What took place was completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names....
“This British Spy Christopher Steele tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE let’s see what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere! 
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers workers and companies I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
Thank you so much @JonVoight!
I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy tax &amp; reg cuts military etc. WIN!
Great to be in Fort Drum New York with our HEROES! 
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most. Get smart MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: 
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: 
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually far greater than would ever have been believed!
....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players) we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
With all that this Administration has accomplished think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media which we do not!
President @EmmanuelMacronThank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! 
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud 
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.
.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
Texas is great! 
A great couple! 
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson MD as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system electric grid many roads gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said "great job!"
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING! 
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs
...agreed to testify it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me some of which are total bullshit &amp; only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened a...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! 
Leaving now for Green Bay Wisconsin - BIG CROWD will be there shortly! #MAGA
Thank you Kansas - I love you! 
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada - I love you! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." 
....that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax I like the idea &amp; will in order to get Congress focused again strongly consider it!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him a disgrace!” Dan Bongino @foxandfriends
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Many are blaming me and the United States for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
...the look of turmoil in the White House of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership including...
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today with the amazing energy workers construction workers and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! 
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics’ No Vision: 
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?

I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
House Democrats fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report especially with his corrective letter &amp; now want a Do Over!
Congressman Ron DeSantis a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders tough on Crime &amp; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp; has my full Endorsement!
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!) please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars in my opinion tons of money tons of time tons of hurt fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard I was called a big Russia lover also (actually I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Great! 
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but if that was the case and with me being one of two people who would become president why was I not told so that I could make a change?
....FISA abuse Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier the Clinton Foundation illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff you can do it the country is waiting!
.... Amazon like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Thank you @foxandfriends great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean angry and despicable the other side is. They will say anything and are only....
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? 
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great woman! 
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal though well meaning never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are and will be pouring into U.S. coffers?
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came..
...opinion they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion &amp; I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle &amp; we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT and.....
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands to the @WhiteHouse! 
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;… 
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary 
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ 
Thanks Ari! 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp 
I never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#VotersSpeak:  
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… 
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II was an extraordinary US Attorney Manhattan District Attorney and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
God bless the people of France!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS. #VPDebate
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence?
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking Billions!
REGISTER TO  #MAGA🇺🇸 
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!

Thank you! #ImWithYou 
Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug! 
THANK YOU! 
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn’t get it!  
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay 
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… 
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G. who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization &amp; others. It must get its act together quickly stop the internal fighting &amp; get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not harsh measures will have to be taken!
Read the Transcript!
The failed Fast Train project in California were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
Johnny we will miss you – you did a great job! 
Working hard thank you! 
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington D.C. just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
#CNNDebate 
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA! 
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
#JobsNotMobs!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Join me LIVE with @VP @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. #UnleashingAmericanEnergy
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!

After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan!
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime try pinning it on a very innocent President and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal and more today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
Thank you @USNavy! #USA 
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to:  &amp; get ou… 
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall think Merit and end Lottery &amp; Chain. USA!
Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
...to ripoff the USA even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting however is that if &amp; when I win the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards our past leaders never got it!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! 
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!). 
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! 
....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists and are very bad for our Country!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech....
Thank you. I love you Ohio! 
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news!
#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at  So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media and they got caught cold! Will @CNN @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and  tomorrow! 
Just fired Agent Strzok formerly of the FBI was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
So true Ivanka! 
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate losing in so many ways!
Happy #Hanukkah 
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!


Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Also congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!

The truth is a beautiful weapon. 
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
I hope everyone even the Fake News Media is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders making great new Trade Deals and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGA
Israel was very respectful &amp; nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission she grandstanded &amp; loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT 
#NeverForget 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!

Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp; couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green (R-TN).
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic intelligence and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
Thank you Greensboro North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante... 
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! 
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
#USMCA🇺🇸🇲🇽🇨🇦 
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! 
That and many other reasons is why Republicans will win North Carolina! 
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr 
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA 
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class business &amp; JOBS
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA 
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
Thank you Eric. So true! 
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_
“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct which will only bring you down and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper be weak &amp; die! Stay true....
A great night in Fayetteville North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:  
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point it will heal!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is like so many others the sources probably don’t exist they are fabricated fiction! NBC my former home with the Apprentice is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!

Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before happens to be “Mr. President why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbs
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? 
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS 
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. 
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! 
There is a rumor put out by the Democrats that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived spoke at the great Rally &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning! 
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:… 

The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned isn’t it?). If I did it would have been very easy for me to get.
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is and has been great. Never have I been watching a person making a call which was not on speakerphone and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried but to no avail. Try it live!
This week Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!  
I am pleased to announce the launch of  This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I’m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.➡️ 
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
Unbelievable. 
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress our country is being stolen!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Now this is a record that will never be broken! 
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming Tariffs will be reinstated!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the border. Bad!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain 
Thank you Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! 

Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA 
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria 
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea &amp; will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp; does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well the potential wealth creation that was missed especially when measured against our debt is staggering. We are competing with other.....
....In fact the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT @USArmy. America loves you! #ArmyBday 
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington D.C. #Inauguration 
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices maybe substantially on prescription drugs.
Disgraceful! 
Great! 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail including his meeting with...
'Jeff Sessions a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World and that is what China wants. Farmers I LOVE YOU!
....this decision but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau a legend will be greatly missed!
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
Good job I must say by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess) and other guest Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times were totally biased boring and wrong (as usual) but Woodward was cool calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  ❌LIBYA❌SYRIA❌IRAN❌IRAQ❌ASIA PIVOT❌RUSSIAN RESET❌BENGHAZI… 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of the United States that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... 
.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet) he was using allegedly his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion high taxes Open Borders and Crime!
Huma calls it a "MESS" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.#DrainTheSwamp 
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch:  
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch:… 
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia a made up Scam and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around comes around!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
The U.S. Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp; DNC server) &amp; Intel leakers!
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
....doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back) so now they do the Unthinkable and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:✅Eliminate excessive regulations! ✅Lean government!✅Lower taxes!#Debates … 

Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
Presidential Harassment! 
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Thanks James! 
Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. 
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all our country is doing great!
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem he can do it. Personal meeting?
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head who has the problem of lying a lot used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! 
No Lindsey it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand! 
Great Book! 
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!

....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really?
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened it was a fraud on the American people!
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp 
Thanks Lee! 
I WANT NOTHING! 
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou 
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
Judge Ken Starr former Solicitor Generel &amp; Independent Counsel just stated that after two years “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” &amp; further that “there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge. @FoxNews
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! 
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large......
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp; Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders Drugs and Crime!
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate and even fraudulent reporting of the news. The Fake News Media the true Enemy of the People must stop the open &amp; obvious hostility &amp; report the news accurately &amp; fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
“Mueller’s report was pure political garbage!” @SeanHannity 
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript:  
A large number of counts ten could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres” of which there are many are being detained &amp; will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp; Telease loophole are being registered and will be removed later!
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been and will be with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Great night in Denver Colorado- thank you! Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ICYMI watch rally here:… 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. 
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley Wall Street Journal
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more:  
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
Chuck Schumer I agree! 
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that under her leadership our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
....as we have done it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower &amp; GDP &amp; our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp; money. Also very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back &amp; getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known undisputed...
“The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....” @RudyGiuliani 
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world including the European Union as being very low....
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children regardless of background deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done so important!
Hearing word that Russia Syria and to a lesser extent Iran are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose what will it get you? STOP!
Talks with China are going very well!
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws if they even apply because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
Let’s go FLORIDA!  
I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice for that warm introduction. Tonight it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! 
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong  
Twitter has removed many people from my account and more importantly they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
....in the world there is nobody even close but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
At the request of Democrats I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not Deportations start!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews 
This Saturday the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values your jobs and your freedom then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote 
A great new book by Howie Carr “What Really Happened How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’Brien currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long &amp; hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp; Military  anywhere in the World by far...
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola Florida! 
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm..
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but when it comes to Border Security and the Military the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other we will win on the Wall!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even ideally stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise and way too slow to cut!
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
The Failing New York Times stated in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book)”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said VERY EARLY ON that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The “partisan” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect “no pressure” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Hundreds of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. 
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
Heading to Alabama now big crowd!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Happy Father’s Day to all including my worst and most vicious critics of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Thank you Grand Rapids Michigan! #ICYMI- watch:  
....Too many voices are being destroyed some good &amp; some bad and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate good &amp; bad and we will all just have to figure it out!
Thank you for your support!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
For the great people of Iowa find your #IACaucus location at  - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Working hard thank you! 
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your President who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform Lowest Unemployment numbers in History Tax Cutsetc.) than almost any other Pres!
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump 
Every time you see a Caravan or people illegally coming or attempting to come into our Country illegally think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!Carson City:  
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history with lowest unemployment EVER a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp; great future!........
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… 
...Border Security is National Security and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
Nancy Pelosi today on @GMA actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying in other words lost it or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
Republicans must make the horrendous weak and outdated immigration laws and the Border a part of the Midterms!
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
The people on the stage tonight and last were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp; success like never before..
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
So true - thanks @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC! 
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! 
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is Baltimore can be brought back maybe......
....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak ineffective &amp; stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans or the CITIZENS of our Country were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities again and again!
With so much talk about the Wall people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
I’m OK with that! 
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
We can make a deal with China tomorrow before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.....
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered. Not fair Tester!
...Court Justice &amp; I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since) Shep Smith @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp; got fired from @CNN) &amp; others @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well I’m President!
....a law firm eventually Kremlin connected sources to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia but only with Hillary and the Democrats and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
Theresa @theresamay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly mistake!
Today I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly decisively and without years of needless delay. 
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA first responders and all for working so hard &amp; being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen and it probably will. But if not remember......
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play even a little bit with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants many of whom are stone cold criminals back to their countries. Do it by plane do it by bus do it anyway you want but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress fund the WALL!
Don’t miss this show! 
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter and I will never forget the (beyond kind) statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate! 
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
Thank you very much! 
Impeached for what having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country building our strongest ever Military Cutting Taxes too much? 
“WHAT HAPPENED”“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”➡️ WE KNOW! 
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
“He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE &amp; THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… 
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Sadly it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
A big and beautiful day today!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations Japan who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA 
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke and everyone knows it!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington Ohio at noon! #ImWithYouTickets:  
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh I see there was no Russian Collusion so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! 
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!) no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems! 
General Motors is very counter to what other auto and other companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S. including BMW which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
Check out a FANTASTIC new book “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Video:  
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Today it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse!  
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" via the Gateway Pundit: 
Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp; @MSNBC....
Remember this Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day I’ll never forget. 
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries from mining and construction to leisure &amp; hospitality With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa Ohio Pennsylvania Wisconsin Nevada Florida......
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner the LameStream Media are after Brett Kavanaugh again talking loudly of their favorite word impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
“FBI’s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp; Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon The Hill. @seanhannity
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall they wouldn’t even try! The two.....
Thank you Corey! 
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer tougher process!
Thank you Nicole! 
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 
Amazing! 
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef pork etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! 
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans and for your all time favorite President it is a Fake Fact Checker!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you Mr. President! 
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.

...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news perhaps not - we will see!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! 
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Hawaii:
In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
@NHC_Atlantic
Thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher his wonderful wife Andrea and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#ICYMI watch here➡️  #POTUSinPoland 
As everybody is aware the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp but to no avail. Stay tuned!
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch and has my full support and endorsement!
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate in particular- the last one. Check polls!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it....
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at… 
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves and must hate our Country!
....Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon. 
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
Thank you Bill. Very nice! 
....
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 

The Democrats are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall we are building artistically designed steel slats so that you can easily see through it....
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Thank you Mark! 
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. 
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. 
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 

Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa with each candidate moving up one notch.
The Republican Party and me had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax &amp; yet when I got home to the White House &amp; checked out the news coverage on much of television you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE &amp; CORRUPT NEWS!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States”  Proclamation:   
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger Jennifer Rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?

Thank you! 
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much.
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
.@DanHenninger  WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis &amp; Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down which I hope will not happen!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! 
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists: #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee.  

China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking in Billions!
....This will keep our communities safer and provide hope and a second chance to those who earn it. In addition to everything else billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE VOTE VOTE!  
Thank you Eric! 
As you can see I did nothing to lead people on nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA! 
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who in almost all cases do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… 
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country under Kim Jong Un’s leadership is unlimited. Also there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong but I believe that......
The Governor of California @GavinNewsom has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses the environmentalists DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....

The late great William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying National Review!
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM 
WITCH HUNT!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right.
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place blew up launch sites. Hostages already back hero remains coming home &amp; much more!
Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA🇺🇸 
The true question for the @UN...🎥
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video:  
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA🇺🇸 
Today it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS! 
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger! @TigerWoods 
...money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
.@SteveHiltonx  “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange and now we have @donnabrazile?
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this! 
Thank you Eric! 
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant courageous patriotic and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders... 
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
“To this point President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes weak on Crime and Border.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! 
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World the envy of all. Get that big beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico where you invested so heavily pre-Trump but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S. China and Russia. Very insulting but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the Fake News Media and Democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
John Kasich despite being Governor of Ohio is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog… 
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! 
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters Matt Zapotosky Josh Dawsey and Carol Leonnig wrote another Fake News story without any sources (pure fiction) about Bill Barr &amp; myself. We both deny this story which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp; release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp; Security reasons.
Thank you St. Louis Missouri!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   
Martha McSally is a great warrior her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko! 

....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
FLORIDA- Visit  to find shelters road closures &amp; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list:  
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
Good luck Vince this will be great! 
That is true and the USA is Winning Again! 

Sebastian Gorka a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House has just written an excellent book “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’  via @BreitbartNews
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election embracing certain policies and principles did very well. Those that did not say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed Tax Cuts. House Republicans don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Today it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony:  
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say despite tremendous pressure being put on him about Russian Collusion in our great and obviously highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World but also for North Korea!
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Join me tomorrow in Duluth Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets:  
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong it was pitch perfect!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action Border or large sections of Border will close. This is a National Emergency!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Democrats working with Republicans in Congress can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Such an important day at the United Nations so much work and so much success and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! 
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair balanced and unbiased or these terrible problems will only get worse!
Today on this “USMCA Day of Action” thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers more economic growth and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers ranchers and businesses. #USMCAnow 
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
Sadly this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst… 
Looking back on history who was treated worse Alfonse Capone legendary mob boss killer and “Public Enemy Number One” or Paul Manafort political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
The Clinton's are the real predators...
....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard meaning significantly more JOBS JOBS JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California you will be out of business.
As I have long been saying and has now been proven out this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself and it was the other side that caused the problem not us!
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE! #HurricaneMichael  
Gina Haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democrat loyalists or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion so they go crazy!
Just arrived in Cleveland Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now LIVE via: 
Virginia with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you and with everything planned go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
On my way to Pensacola Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!

#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 

Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list.
...differences they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
“Congressman Adam Schiff who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘I’m going to say this only SEVEN times so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT UNDERSTAND LOTS OF IT AND.....
Wow the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash but at least China will be happy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential and trade deals are coming along well.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
On my way - see you all shortly!  
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
CNN’s Don Lemon the dumbest man on television insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral unbiased &amp; fair.....
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop I got the answers I wanted the Truth.....
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail or an alternative....
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday. Too bad!
As they have learned in the last two years our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S. but not for long!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
Thank you Cincinnati Ohio. Together we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! 
....more money than it had. Going on for years originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair A.G. Eric Schneiderman until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
Thank you Missouri - I love you!
Last night in North Carolina was incredible! 
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
I want to express my gratitude to America’s magnificent @FLOTUS for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between🇺🇸🇦🇺Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage unfailing commitment and unyielding character! 
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....

The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
Meeting w/ Washington D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… 
Heading to Helsinki Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately no matter how well I do at the Summit if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
Good luck to Bob Kraft Tom Brady and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
Incredible! 
....other than to know he was and is a total Loser. When he makes statements about me they are made up he knows nothing!
In Tampa Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
I have asked Steve Daines our great Republican Senator from Montana to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family congratulations-have a wonderful day!
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Big day in Washington D.C. even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
....Also there is NO COLLUSION!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp; expenses &amp; gave away...
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Doing really well! 
So nice everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and  so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
When referring to the USA I will always capitalize the word Country!
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp; women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book “Spygate the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan and good luck with the book!
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom well deserved! 
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸Watch here:  
“Face It You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House and keep the Senate and Presidency one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes I am considering a Full Pardon!
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books which come out about me all the time always anonymous sources and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin the team captain was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping in many ways. What a time!
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas Tom Leppert has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Just leaving Nashville Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! 
....In the meantime our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes... 
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. 
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean! #MAGA #KAG 
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly landing now! 
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown CEO Hydromatic Tech
This is the time for Mexico with the help of the United States to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
Thank you Roanoke Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up:  
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… 
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
The Biden family was PAID OFF pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K. we are Winning and will be doing so for a long time to come!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment Crime Borders Military and Vets!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! 
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… 
Just landed in Duluth Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
A great night in West Allis Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary  
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date!
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers! 
So nice thank you! 
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA 
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires we stand ready to assist!
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! 
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that if we work together it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” 
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS the Enemy of the People!
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! 
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
Where is the Whistleblower and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
Just out: Neera Tanden Hillary Clinton adviser said “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Will soon be heading to Davos Switzerland to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either) which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
To the great people of Kentucky please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA
Just leaving Mechanicsburg PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA 
The Democrats are Fixers and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up &amp; manage the California forests which are always burning!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast.
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife Nelly was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends
In all fairness Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… 
Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! 
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
....DACA stand with all of its negative legal implications the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA and be done the right way!
Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning never wins elections!
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery" #CrookedHillary 
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!
“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement which was very dishonest and bad for me was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
“To the Democrats Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you I love you! #MAGA 
Thank you Mexico we look forward to working with you! 
Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine! 
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said long before the Witch Hunt started getting along with Russia China and everyone is a good thing not a bad thing....
Thank you! 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
“Report: ‘Whistleblower’ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General”
#ElectionDay  

“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi &amp; Schiff &amp; the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump &amp; the President...
Employment is up Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more and fairer companies to get out the WORD!
Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress including Democrats about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
In addition to great incompetence and corruption The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff and not even an apology to millions of people!
To those in the Caravan turnaround we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person A.G. Patrick Morrisey who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Thank you Jacksonville Florida!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
...Additionally because of our much tougher Trading stance with China I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before companies earnings are higher than ever inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades we are protecting our workers!
....She will probably be given a pass despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell our great Ambassador to Germany for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago instead of golfing. Too little too late!
So amazing! 
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens or others to journey through their borders and up to the United States with the intention of entering our country illegally all payments made to them will STOP (END)!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:  
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth 
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
True. A wonderful meeting! 

John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas &amp; theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said”...
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… 
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! 
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun wonderful audience!
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Thank you @RandPaul you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and many other Democrats wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Thank you Newt!  
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! 
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! 

With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence  
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions as did others in the Administration and therefore....
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us Bin Laden being a prime example Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
A great book by a great guy highly recommended! 
The Failing @nytimes in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Democrats must change the Loophole &amp; Asylum Laws - but they probably won’t! They want Open Borders which means massive crime and drugs! 
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp; Lumber in U.S.?
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City State and Federal Govs. working great together!
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Today we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA 
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
With that being said I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! 
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
....Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty... 
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs Jobs Jobs and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton &amp; her campaign- in Chicago Illinois. #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp; others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
Working hard thank you! 
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL... 
Thank you! “Trump’s Defining Speech” WSJ Editorial:  
Thank you Ohio. I love you! 
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
Tainted (no very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
True! 
power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. #InaugurationDay
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript: 
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! 
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
Today it was an honor to have @UNSecretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A. we appreciate all you do! 
Despite requests I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually as I have always said this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job his ratings suck &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
Thank you Denver Colorado! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport Indiana shortly! #MAGARally🇺🇸 
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
Thank you Nashville Tennessee! 
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter and Paul Watson banned from Facebook! 
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S. Steelworkers are working again and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against but when we use them foolish people scream!
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly too big a story!

Thank you Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now be there soon!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House I chided them about tariffs in other countries like India being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp; bring them home from the ridiculous &amp; costly Endless Wars and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM 
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler Schiff  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you Robert. 
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward! 
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump 
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America Israel and around the world! 
With the wonderful College University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever great housing and financing. Go out there work hard &amp; have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
In the early days of the hurricane when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach even before it reached the Bahamas certain models strongly suggested that Alabama &amp; Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida &amp; to the Gulf....
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! 
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
...people not interviewed including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
THANK YOU IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus 
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge but you cannot convict a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington D.C. #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer but as a lawyer with great experience....
.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson Hoover Senior Fellow.
In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard! 
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Scaramucci who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
....vindication &amp; exoneration from the Russian WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.”  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff
...sound horrible and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
Two great people! 
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! 
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats! 
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
....Remember NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
#HurricaneFlorence  
So nice thank you! 
Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
Fake News! 
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! 
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!

As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! 
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 
Tonight @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah 
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....
.@politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
In a letter to her House colleagues Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
Iran and it’s economy is going very bad and fast! I will meet or not meet it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Great job Thom! 
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far biggest Economy (no longer even close) number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade two very important subjects!
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking really nice to see!
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance Experts Say- 
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop the Server all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp; Victoria T!
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs 
I hear by demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
REGISTER TO VOTE!  
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! 

Moments ago it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law!  
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Just arrived in Syracuse NY. Big crowd great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary 
On behalf of the American People CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! 
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders who got duped!
Our Country was built on Tariffs and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!

...said was a total lie but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted &amp; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this great success!
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbs
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better to stop the job. He didn’t get either &amp; the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless....
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know. Transparency!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! 
Happy National Farmers Day! 
Thank you working hard! 
Thank you Joni! 

A must read by @KimStrassel! 
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia and everybody including the Democrats know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary the Democrats and the DNC!
....But the questions should be asked why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover Lisa Page deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
We protect the countries of the Middle East they would not be safe for very long without us and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA 
THANK YOU Atlanta Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp; his son Hunter Biden.....
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan who has done a wonderful job has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today we honor your extraordinary courage we salute your selfless service and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world! 
Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
California finally deserves a great Governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?

No Collusion No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems plus I allowed everyone to testify including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this but now they want more.....
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.
Watching my beautiful wife Melania speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.… 
 
Weekly Address-  
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made including on Afghanistan.
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick!
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
As a sign of good faith Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions!LIVE:… 
“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world not just America he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
So Revealing! 
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
This election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust:  
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart works hard and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system or just a double standard?
So terrible! 
Will be landing in Knoxville Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered......
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money while the U.S. a far stronger and more important credit is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....
Thank you to Kurt Volker U.S. Envoy to Ukraine who said in his Congressional Testimony just released “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo et cetra. NONE because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.”  Witch Hunt!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in Baton Rouge Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni! 
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence &amp; we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy Giuseppe Conte mostly concerning Immigration Taxes Trade and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
I will beat Hillary easily but Lindsey Graham says I won't and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General who is very sophisticated &amp; knows it isn’t about him it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
Tomorrow the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first and therefore more important phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first and if they fail to do that the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while I turned it off. All negative &amp; so much Fake News very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true thank you Laura!
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA🇺🇸 
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Today I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio....
#UNGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby our powerful Appropriations Chairman for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military invest in border security and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting you are winning!
Just arrived in West Virginia! 
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'➡️ 
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough!
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!
“If they try to Impeach President Trump who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion) they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors except for those committed by the other side!
“He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it’s not one thing it’s another. It’s a DISGRACE!” @pnjaban @LouDobbs 
Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
FBI Agent Peter Strzok who headed the Clinton &amp; Russia investigations texted to his lover Lisa Page in the IG Report that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good (great!). Will complete next year.
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever!
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp 
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
....musician @johnlegend and his filthy mouthed wife are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbs
....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
Will be going to Dayton Ohio and El Paso Texas tomorrow to meet with First Responders Law Enforcement and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
Why doesn’t the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start a Dem Hoax! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!  
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail 
A great day for Republicans a great day for our Country!
“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
OK so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and in fact they were rebuffed.....
We are fighting for our farmers for our country and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also! 

So cute! Her father is under siege for no reason since his first day in office! 
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:  
“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night it’s what’s on the news there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote....
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals through large Caravans into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled &amp; amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what who cares!
This is the real and only story! 
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY. Total lie!
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads bridges tunnels railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Whether you are African-American Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST! 
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! 
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government it  truly puts the lives of many not just journalists at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! 
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion No Obstruction) so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
'State works hard and illegally for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp 
So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe the worst most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all) now loudly......
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸… 
Leader McCarthy we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don’t have a chance! 
Thank you Florida. I love you!
Thank you Mike! 
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! 
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders drugs and crime!
Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?) now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct AMERICA FIRST!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNITIES and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!  
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis! 
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki Finland: 
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! 
....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up &amp; twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people defaming &amp; libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier the specific allegations we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction &amp; Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary  
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club @TrumpScotland.
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and I back him now. Also AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
The Democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Thank you Brandon! 
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation’s Farmers. May God bless you and may God Bless America! 
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties both civil and criminal!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
#Imwithyou 
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA🇺🇸 
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
Thank you California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and their Great Senate Republican colleagues on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry behind closed doors....
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has Impeachment &amp; they’ve turned it into a political cudgel which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... 
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her she knows ZERO about me has NO talent and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
Departing Golden CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here:  
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA but they don’t want to help..We are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border they don’t want.....
Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY &amp; INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion domination &amp; control. We were born free and will stay free as long as I am your President!
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage hour by hour of networks like NBC &amp; Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts can’t be legal? Only defame &amp; belittle! Collusion?
Read the transcripts! 
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi who are weak on Crime and Border security will be forced to do a real deal so easy that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants which they can do very easily or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!
#AMERICA FIRST!
....Congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the Witch Hunt which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt were unable or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border but won’t!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
A massive crowd that Fake News &amp; some Dems didn’t want to Report! 
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Historic Milestone indeed! 
#ObamacareFail 
Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times! 
....and renovated with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy Ernie Els and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
The Fake News doesn’t report it but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando Florida right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did!
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually it is their Fake &amp; Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs Jobs Jobs!
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
DEFEAT TERRORISM! 
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong we are under no pressure to make a deal with China they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet we meet?
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Today it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy—for the second year in a row to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud! 
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 

Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! 
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC NBC CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost they all got it wrong on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining....
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and separately Services. Market up!
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach Florida. Thank you! #MAGA
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more &amp; more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn! 
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
With all of the failed “experts” weighing in does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn’t firm strong and willing to commit our total “might” against the North. Fools but talks are a good thing!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times but it was quickly changed to “Assailing Hate But Not Guns” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
...Texas will defend them &amp; indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high then they sue you just to complete the job

Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp; DOJ with Crooked Hillary the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
Great evening last night in Washington Michigan. The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in I cherish you....and will be back!
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator Mitt Romney to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry together with medical professionals and individual state representatives to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health &amp; safety together with jobs will be a focus!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.

....they are destroying the Democrat Party. I’m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I’m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs.”  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
....and they are both only getting bigger better and stronger.....Thank you Mr. President!
Amazing Evening! 
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances?
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Thank you West Chester Pennsylvania!#PAPrimary #VoteTrump 
“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris Swecker
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are with you Florida!  
Good luck with the book George should do well! 
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here why should anyone trust you? General Mattis General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold even by NBC.
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again and we are respected again!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
Thank you @Samsung! We would love to have you! 
No @JebBush you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
....Since there was no Collusion why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops Dems and Crooked Hillary!
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay 
I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor...
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
A giant Scam! 
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
We are fighting for all Americans from all backgrounds of every age race religion birthplace color &amp; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso Texas - I love you! 
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp; deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp; much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp; win......
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! 
#ICYMI: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" 
....And by the way I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect....
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so this is bigger than Watergate!
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read:  
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
President George H.W. Bush led a long successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam) but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing namely the USMCA vote Prescription Drug Price Reduction Gun Safety Infrastructure and much more!

Not seen in many years America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
It was my great honor thank you! 
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Thank you Matt. 
Really beautiful to see! 
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp; jobs will grow.
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
.....to any President of either party again. Laura @IngrahamAngle
WOW - thank you Houston Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. #CrookedHillary 
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
Great golf champion &amp; friend Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy) has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn focusing on Education Research Global Outreach Recreation Services Therapy Services &amp; Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth treasure and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great with unlimited upside into the future!
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!
Incredible job being done by FEMA First Responders Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
Announcing great expanded HRAs—big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage. 
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! 
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
The Summit with Russia was a great success except with the real enemy of the people the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed including stopping terrorism security for Israel nuclear........
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
...But most importantly @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp; Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame &amp; all comes from the top!
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?

Do you believe this?  A total Scam! 
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp; President who would approve!
Just arrived at Camp David!
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
....I know Emmanuel means well as do all others but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way shape or form to represent us!
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder:  
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt! 
Little @DonnyDeutsch whose show like his previous shoebiz tries is a disaster has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He &amp; separately @ErinBurnett used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad) but that was it. Hardly knew him..
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… 
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump 
Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov. @DougBurgum Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND @SenJohnHoeven @RepKevinCramer &amp; @SenatorHeitkamp. 
....And remember a bank that I did use years ago the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business and so did many others!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S. far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border I will be CLOSING.....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
....your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
How can the Democrats who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Thank you Robert Johnson! 
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer knowing that they would say I was raging which they always do along with their partner the Fake News Media. Well so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake &amp; Corrupt Press!
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID it is all so meaningless!
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead.
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
College educated women want safety security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!
....They want ZERO transparency thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
Thank you so much Franklin! 
The Massive Tax Cuts which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes hate these big Cuts!
“Yesterday changed everything it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt  “It changed everything in favor of the President who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today you say.....
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! 
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
See you tonight Missoula Montana! #MAGARally🇺🇸
Good news disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas!  
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller Ph. D. Executive VP and Director of Research Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Missouri to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: 
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.
We may be in the process of leaving Syria but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey a NATO and Trading partner has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully....
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion &amp; people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude &amp; not be so focused on me!
Fake News of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
As the President of the United States I have an absolute right perhaps even a duty to investigate or have investigated CORRUPTION and that would include asking or suggesting other Countries to help us out!

Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
A terrible and very dishonest person! 
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! 
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News they are treading in very dangerous territory! 

#CrookedHillary 
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill being cute as always which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security namely the Wall. You see without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just by comparison meaningless bells &amp; whistles...
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran ISIS North Korea etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... 
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on V.A. &amp; all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
Facebook Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter in fact has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp; greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country the Enemy of the People but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows in the strongest of terms how unfairly I and tens of millions of great people who support me were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
....for the more traditional but not very bright Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa Arizona!  #MAGA🇺🇸 
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? 
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... 
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
....proliferation cyber attacks trade Ukraine Middle East peace North Korea and more. There are many answers some easy and some hard to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
On this day of prayer we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty &amp; we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace &amp; the eternal GLORY OF GOD! 
With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Join the MOVEMENT! 
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA Billions and Billions of Dollars they need it! In the meantime our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
Reuters polling just out- thank you!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
Indiana Rally and Coach Bobby Knight were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
Supposedly according to the Corrupt Media the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp; others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” &amp; I would let him come on though he (&amp; Erin) had very little..
Bernie Sanders “The Economy is doing well and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie the Economy is doing GREAT and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours) Crooked Hillary Clinton had ever won!
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum! 
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together we are going to MAKE AM… 
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats CRAZY)!
The real Collusion the Conspiracy the Crime was between the Clinton Campaign the DNC Fusion GPS Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey McCabe Lisa Page and her lover Ohr and his wonderful wife and on and on!). @replouiegohmert
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. 
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the U.S. CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security chain migration lottery and DACA.  
I won an election said to be one of the greatest of all time based on getting out of endless &amp; costly foreign wars &amp; also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
Thank you America! #MAGA 
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp; absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!

If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together we will #MAGA! 
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Breitbart News Network  via @BreitbartNews
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
Thank you Reno Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… 
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! 
Thank you Missoula Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst 
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
This week my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free prosperous &amp; peaceful. Great job @VP @SecPompeo @IRF_Ambassador &amp; @StateDept!
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! 
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
.....all Jews Blacks Gays everyone. And importantly he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN
Women’s soccer player @mPinoe just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate 
Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt yet he will not allow a White House lawyer nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions and if they don’t they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also Democrats will destroy your Medicare and I will keep it healthy and well!
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&amp;delivers the b… 
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
How could Jeff Flake who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue) think about running for office even a lower one again? Let’s face it he’s a Flake!
....People their VOTE their Freedoms their Second Amendment Religion Military Border Wall and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer!
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA🇺🇸 

So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon! @LAGOP 
Great news! #MAGA 
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress and outside were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal

Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
.@AsaHutchinson the great Governor of Arkansas is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Now that I am back from Singapore where we had a great result with respect to North Korea the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
...that FEMA our Military and our First Responders who are all unbelievable are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie but that’s what they do and everybody knows it!

“Meanwhile the Dayton Ohio shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren and ANTIFA.” @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News!
....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities) and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise as Chief I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border! 
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!  
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! 
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era and other laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
Thank you Marc! 

I often stated “One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada) the USMCA is so much better than the old very costly &amp; anti-USA NAFTA deal that just by the money we save MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
Thank you!  
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNews
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore!
Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
Thank you Pueblo Colorado! #TrumpRally #AmericaFirst 
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: 
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:  
The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people! 
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans  via @BreitbartNews
Join me in Charleston WV - tomorrow! 
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Wow! Morning Joe &amp; Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad when the show was sane they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
....their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors who are terrible go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife Melania will join me for the entire show.
Hope all House Republicans and honest House Democrats will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President me. Most have never seen such a thing!
“Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump’s way” 
.@RepCummings why don’t you focus on your district!? 
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong Prime Minister Phuc and the wonderful people of Vietnam! 
....Our Immigration policy laughed at all over the world is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
Mark Morgan Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order Advancing American Kidney Health...
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! 
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA 
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election all the way up to the day that I took office because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Before Nancy who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done decides to defend her leader Rep. Omar she should look at the anti-Semitic anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control except for her control of Nancy!
Many Trump Fans &amp; Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem Pennsylvania for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with @FoxNews?
....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform 
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' 
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.
So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC which is a total joke.
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean that seems like a headline to me?” @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Lisa Page who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover Peter S) and attorney Baker are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
....Trump Economics. With President Trump Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx

Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head as he was saving soldiers....
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania! 

I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
...And according to Polls would do even better today! 
 
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters and others are watching and studying the Democrats Playbook.
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Look forward to being with our great India loving community! 
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." 
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border but this is a National Emergency!
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff replacing General Joe Dunford who will be retiring....
When I took the Oath of Office.... 
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino EXONERATED THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless the Scam continues!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… 
.@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy Syria by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them Russia Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home where they belong!
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
Today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! 
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed I’m for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
#HolocaustMemorialDay 
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU 
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story any story even if bad for our Country.....
On behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote 
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country! 
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
George Conway often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp; angry that I with her help didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!
Thank you! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true!
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.🎥 
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax that’s why and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends
Thank you @TedCruz I couldn’t agree more! 
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
...Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
...has endured because of the sweat blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
My great honor! 
How does a politician Cuomo known for pushing people and businesses out of his state not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S. survive making the statement WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
“I REALLY DON’T CARE DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are and she truly no longer cares!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! 
..Every year as the fire’s rage &amp; California burns it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Failing New York Times! 
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards) who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge:  
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA🇺🇸 
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall including really effective renovation has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸 
What many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
.@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile hateful and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate &amp; yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel anti-USA pro-terrorist &amp; public.....
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also looking like a direct hit on North Carolina South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. 
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads 
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
We finally agree on something Rosie. 
As your President I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! #USA🇺🇸 
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! 
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats despite all of the evidence proof and Caravans coming are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built I don’t expect much help!
The Democrats whose votes we need in the Senate will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
Today proves what I have always known that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending and to what end? No more.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… 
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders which means crime. But we are getting it done including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good the best in history.
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE 
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Great job Jim! 
The Democrats have a death wish in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
So true thank you! 
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
....pass the laugh test and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation:  
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
....Congratulations Kevin on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal the USMCA that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive - good for all!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Charles McCullough the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! 
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up phony crime.There is no O it’s called Fighting Back
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press! 
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use at a fraction of real cost as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages....
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!  
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way the Bidens were corrupt!
Kevin Hassett who has done such a great job for me and the Administration will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris. 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser zero credibility!
Can’t wait to see you all soon! 
We will see what happens! 
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders we don’t have a country. With Open Borders which the Democrats want we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but most importantly he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
Today it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more:  
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
Via @DrudgeReport: 
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
I am in the White House working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs Drugs Human Trafficking &amp; more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria we were originally...
....are GREAT but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas &amp; Florida combined yet their government can’t do anything right the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA &amp; the Military worked emergency miracles but politicians like.....
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainVideo:  
Will be in Terre Haute Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷  
The Washington Times “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
Thank you very much working hard! 
Mike has been a fantastic Senator! 
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime the Stock Market hit another record high!
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare) but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for the invitation… 
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger better and stronger TOGETHER!
.@NFL: Too much talk not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
This afternoon it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!  
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"
#HappyMothersDay!  
The Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin is dead. She was a great woman with a wonderful gift from God her voice. She will be missed!
The failed Fast Train project in California where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
“They are liars and in my opinion TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania Barron Ivanka Jared Tiffany Don Vanessa Eric and Lara!
“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime and found they couldn’t it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”  @TuckerCarlson
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember they broke the deal with us &amp; tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal) or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually a very big story. Much classified information!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'… 
There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now or no more Fed payments!
See Lyin' Ted even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio not Trump! 
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore Heritage Foundation

Paul Ryan the failed V.P. candidate &amp; former Speaker of the House whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President) ultimately became a long running lame duck failure leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp; leader......
'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve  via @usatoday
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready be prepared!
Thank you Tennessee - I love you! 
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Study the late Joseph McCarthy because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
....of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone Anthony Sadler &amp; Alex Skarlatos. 
Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops! 
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
The USA! 
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us and certainly did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
TERRORISM IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:  
Tammy is a great person! 
Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated “Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
THANK YOU JAPAN!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron Ohio. 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.… 
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! 
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp; Unverified “Dossier” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
So nice! 
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
General Motors which was once the Giant of Detroit is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'Time to #DrainTheSwamp! 
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
...Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! 
....we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. 
“The Faith of Donald Trump” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO 
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you! 
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough Republicans you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
“I have been in office for many years the Military is very important to me and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected strong on Crime the Border Military Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and  so together we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! 
Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there and will be for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella the current Deputy Secretary.
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president'  via @reviewjournal
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa Florida! #ICYMI- watch here:  
Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER and we must have a great WALL to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
....In the meantime my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history....
....He is also my friend! At the same time I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
PLENTY OF OIL!
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
So the Democrats make up a phony crime Collusion with the Russians pay a fortune to make the crime sound real illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem. 
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party but are weak &amp; insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
.....Sorry can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded tell them not to come to USA and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
Iger where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie yet no apology. Double Standard!
“The reality is with the Tariffs the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici Former Chief Economist USITC
Mark Levin a great lawyer and scholar said last night on his @marklevinshow that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else Comey because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: 
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this it’s not just Baltimore unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik Baltimore journalist  Remember Vote for Trump what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements look at the horrible things they said about our Country Israel and much more. They are now the top most...
“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime but there is not-not in the transcripts and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!

“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… 
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
Good luck Mary! 
The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Wales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately....
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo… 
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace! 
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! 
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA: #VPDebate
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
#JobsNotMobs! 
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
The Fake News Washington Post Amazon’s “chief lobbyist” has another (of many) phony headlines “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done and probably don’t want to. 
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! 
On my way to Las Vegas Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA 
Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. 
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
Thank you Sparks Nevada!#VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus Finder:  

I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences our country would be overrun with people trying to get in and our system could not handle it!
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important but SPECIAL!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! 
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo' the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
As election looms some bad news for Clinton Democrats:
Thank you New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary 
In Austin Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!  
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics and more. He has experienced so much in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money but lose a fortune for the honor of.....
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be) it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress @FoxNews

General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters &amp; to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp; Comeback in Sports (Golf) and more importantly LIFE I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp; loved ones from flooding &amp; the coming storm it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA State &amp; Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared be careful &amp; be SAFE!
Too bad! 
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
Thank you Ohio! Together we made history – and now the real work begins. America will start winning again!… 
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp; Yale Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp; most corrupt cities in USA!
The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time as have other administrations but were not able to get them or get them in full until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally and for many years....
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp; does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime the Borders &amp; will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp; Vets!
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses only to certain people. Actually I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
#AmericaFirst! 
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
Two great entertainers and more importantly great people! Check out their show. 
#HappyNewYearAmerica! 
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice! 
"Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President"
Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama &amp; the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!

Based on the IG Report the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices healthcare infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion No Obstruction!
Word is out that book is GREAT! 
Such GREAT people! 
Sergio Marchionne who passed away today was one of the most brilliant &amp; successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS he loved the car industry and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
Great job Richard! 
Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and unlike Joe Biden and his son NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
As I made very clear today our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval.
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house many people unable to get in. Demand apology &amp; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! 
No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it we are ready - but they won’t!
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. #LESM
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems will start “falling in love” with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
The Witch Hunt continues! 
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales so many people feel this way. 
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine” 
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more!
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… 
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN… 
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term it should be brought back. Use often!
“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation the answer was a clear unequivocal NO.” Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking tomorrow right here in the Senate they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
THANK YOU HOUSTON TEXAS. Get out and  #JobsNotMobs  
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. 
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! 
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory Phil Bubba Adam and Dustin all at the top!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp;T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also I hear that because of its bad ratings it is losing a fortune.....
We are one nation. When one hurts we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.#StandWithLouisiana 
“President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy”Read more:  
Two great and loyal friends! 
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security &amp; the desperately needed Wall the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem Infrastructure Military Budget Trade and DACA.
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA: GEORGIA: NEVADA:
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! 
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine! 
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
So true! 
Before going any further today I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation and filled our hearts with grief... 
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’ 
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… 
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth as usual!
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico with the strongest immigration laws in the World refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp; drugs!
Happy Columbus Day!
The #SOTU speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch!
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! 
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
Also there are “No High Crimes &amp; Misdemeanors” No Collusion No Conspiracy No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE and that’s what the Dems should be looking at but they won’t. Nevertheless the tables are turning!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” 
Great evening in Canton Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland a really good man and great American to testify but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court where Republican’s rights have been taken away and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy freedom and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
Thank you Billy! 
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#Charlottesville 
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved much bigger but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
The story in the Amazon Washington Post of course picked up by Fake News CNN saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?

So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President registering ZERO in the polls &amp; unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers just talk!
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!  #NeverForget  @foxandfriends
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter who still hasn’t figured out that despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight) I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
Thank you! 
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” 
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule if a restaurant is dirty on the outside it is dirty on the inside!
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
Under the Trump Administration African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say “Thank you Mr. President!”
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello here we go! @foxandfriends
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative did he call the FBI or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats...
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! 
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland and filling up with fuel with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Hillary &amp; Obama's Broken Promises. #RepealObamacare 

So great being with you both in the Oval Office! 

....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed.
For the record there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!  

Oh no really big political news perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City  @BilldeBlasio who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated he’s coming home!
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.
....to your favorite President me! These people are vicious and totally crazed but remember there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy.
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸➡️ 
We are doing great Economically as a Country Number One despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again as
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: 
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch➡️
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'
@HerschelWalker thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!

....... I disagree but it's still cool.
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods
In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp 
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA! 
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent Bob Casey has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi Elizabeth Warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare...
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.

Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:  
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke the law! Additionally he totally made up many of the things he said I said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton Lynch &amp; others?
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” 
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS after many years of not having any are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
#VoteTrump video:  #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa 
Every day our police officers race into darkened allies deserted streets &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity &amp; they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America’s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation! 
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
While Hillary profits off the rigged system I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… 
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace 
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration all well-meaning and good (I hope!) could stop hiring Never Trumpers who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
A great book by a great guy. Get it now! 

In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp 
Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus @TigerWoods and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer they said we love Gary too!
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
The three year Hoax continues! 
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets: tickets: 
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button but it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his and my Button works!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp; stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect) fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress as though mine! He is sick!
 
“Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trump’s wall” 
Congresswoman Maxine Waters an extraordinarily low IQ person has become together with Nancy Pelosi the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters of which there are many of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!

The Mainstream Media hates to cover this! 
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @USNavy. 
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba Japan! 
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!

....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
Years ago when Media was legitimate people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore they just write whatever they want!
#ICYMI: @KarlRove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately it is a dying newspaper.
Pelosi Nadler Schiff and of course Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 

Ainsley Earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “The Light Within Me” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
Here is my statement. 
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! 
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military not do a Dem defund....
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea at this time because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States “Finally the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:  #AmericaFirst 
....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States year after year for decades will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China including bringing..
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration or the Administration of Sleepy Joe who let China get away with “murder!”
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. 
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
Thank you for today's endorsement New York Veteran Police Association! #NewYorkValues  
Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM @Netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA  
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: 
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! 
Cute! 
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie on the success of their just out book “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight 
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...

....In the meantime the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! 
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do." #DrainTheSwamp! 
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this and it won’t be Mueller and his...
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now!
When you give a crazed crying lowlife a break and give her a job at the White House I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp; proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
Join me live in Springfield Ohio!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.
Mueller and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence) have already ruled No Collusion No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary the DNC Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
In the “old days” when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up. Today when good news is reported the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp; racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp; unrepresentative Congresswomen it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
Thanks @piersmorgan! "Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. 
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil➡️
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp; information as are Clapper &amp; Brennan &amp; all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.”(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Melania our great and very hard working First Lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you run you will win.” She would tell everyone that “no doubt he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings calls and hopefully some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!

Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at 
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?

President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling he said it couldn’t happen was no big deal &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
"Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! 
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
“Based on the things I’ve seen the Democrats have no case or a weak case at best. I don’t think there are or will be well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriends
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called “Radicals Resistance and Revenge The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
The most important way to stop gangs drugs human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security and as EVERYONE knows you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones &amp; Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
Two long running Obama era investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge just ahead of the Mid-Terms by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
Mark Esperanto Secretary of Defense “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!

Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. 
Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care I just want it open!
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida. Will never forget them or the evening!

....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Sorry I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear bad Trade Deals VA Choice the Economy rebuilding the Military and so much more and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA 
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
....and all of the others who have leaked lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
...can't change history but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee Stonewall Jackson - who's next Washington Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!
Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District and far beyond that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him) and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn’t give it to him). He is so bad for R’s!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email: 
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Thank you Mr. Wonderful I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC 
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime the Border and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
Democrats fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders No Crime!
As the Witch Hunt continues! 
Thank you Bill say hello to our GREAT VETERANS! 
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly he is playing great golf again!
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need we are here for you. @IIIMEF
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas! 
Today it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people! 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true just another hit job!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
.@Theresa_May don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll very nice! 
I want to applaud the FBI Secret Service Department of Justice the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York the NYPD and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work skill and determination!
....New York and always will but unfortunately despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city state and local taxes each year I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! 
I agree with @jimcramer the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well you can’t win them all!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S. always to our detriment. I say as they comeTax them. If they don’t want to be taxed let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event it means jobs and great wealth.....

....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas Nevada. See everyone soon! 
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! 
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Under a Trump administration it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou
Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
....He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice no pressure call. Another Witch Hunt!
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.” 
....If at a later date Congress wants to update the law I will support those efforts but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! 
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC....
We want our companies to hire &amp; grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities &amp; towns! #USA🇺🇸 
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around and fast. Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters try getting a new publisher!
After @TrumpScotland I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania! 
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information and much else at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote! 
....Thank you to Lockheed Martin one of the USA’s truly great companies!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want seldom have sources (even though they say they do) never do “fact checking” anymore and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake they are Corrupt..
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
Great Strategic &amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… 
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!

Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Happy Birthday America! 
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind changing our future. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… 
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts
Democrats want open Borders where anyone can come into our Country and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!


Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you @USCG! 
Like many I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”) was great. He’s leading the charge!
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy! 
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.....
My supporters are the smartest strongest most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger so does our country. Best numbers ever!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina @MarkSanford was reported missing only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend it sounded like his political career was over. It was....
The🇺🇸has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. 
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham so true!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless American factories &amp; devastated entire industries. 
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! 
After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed) and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Thank you Redding California!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary 
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight will be live on T.V.
Wow but not surprisingly ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER EVER EVER! How about saying it this way IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad! 
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many over ten are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
....for the most ridiculous claim of all that Russia Russia Russia or Russian oligarchs co-signed loan documents for me a guarantee. Totally false as is virtually everything else he and much of the rest of the LameStream Media has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go this AM.
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Nov!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
REGISTER TO VOTE!  
....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly New York State is far worse!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong 
Wow! I hear you Warren Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch: 
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS from entering Mexico to U.S.....
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter Lou Barletta to replace a weak an ineffective Senator Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart loves PA and our Country!
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great @VP Mike Pence! 
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
Just finished a very good &amp; cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength &amp; its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. &amp; others etc.
During the GOP convention CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. 
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!

#ICYMI: Weekly Address ➡️ 
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands and maybe many more!
Back in D.C. big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… 
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Join me live in Toledo Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....

.@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!

Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt Ethiopia and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam one of the largest in the world currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day! 
FEMA &amp; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp; water delivered. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
.@JebBush like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The Democratic National Committee sometimes referred to as the DNC is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels who were shooting at each other with the result being many great American people killed including young children and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
information! As long as President Trump is President his opposition will use every tool and misuse every tool available to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly this proves I am doing a great job - Also Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
A fantastic evening in Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! 
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” 
CPAC Today!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! 
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days... 
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
No matter what happens today in the Senate Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes and we won big. I am very proud of you!
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?#DrainTheSwamp 

No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places the Florida Panhandle where we’ve given and are giving billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
Speaking of failing badly has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime ICE and Borders. We need Lou! 
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control but we are winning!
Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members Drug Dealers Human Traffickers and Criminals of all shapes sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
A fighter and champion GREAT! 
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual &amp; worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
Mark Morgan President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief gave the following message to me: “President Trump stay the course.” I agree and believe it or not we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also furthers U.K. relationship! 
Our Country is Free Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country or if you are not happy here you can leave!
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… 
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall➡️ 
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. 
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!

More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store brand or company and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt but also don’t understand that two can play that game!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief @RedCross &amp; @SalvationArmyUS 
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” @KatrinaPierson @SteveHiltonx  Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
....the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
If anybody but your favorite President Donald J. Trump announced that after decimating ISIS in Syria we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp; healthy) that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave but there might be a Red Wave!
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!

I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good flexible save money and number one!
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues 
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 
Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people badly needed for our Country! #MAGA 
Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety.
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp; will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down almost all Republicans &amp; Democrats thought he should be FIRED but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp; women who work there!
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
Where’s the Whistleblower?
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
“Remarks by President Trump at ‘Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem’ Event” #UNGA➡️ 
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!.....
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!

I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador but he is not liked or well....
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. 
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
Thank you Clive Iowa!
Alex Baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond much funnier and a far greater talent!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country.
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... 
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
'Trump won the third debate'
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington D.C.?
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico using their strong immigration laws is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! 
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction wrongly call it a campaign contribution...
“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp; employment numbers in U.S. history &amp; much more) and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations:  
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… 
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success) and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it another low I.Q. individual!
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! 
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?

Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA 
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg and you’re looking and doing great!
Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s &amp; a big fundraiser for CH is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
As I learn more and more each day I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment it is a COUP intended to take away the Power of the....
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
Thank you! 
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border something which cannot do the job the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza National Border Patrol Council
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam) pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico one of the most dangerous country’s in the world must eradicate this problem now. Also stop the MARCH to U.S.
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one” at a press conference two days ago referring to taking on Trade with China little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding being sarcastic and just....
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
AMERICA'S FUTURE
Thank you for your service!  
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you Atlanta Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare including the mandate period.
#ObamacareFail 
....giving the information and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....”  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
“America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!” 
General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp; environmental orders causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
The U.S. together with Mexico and Canada just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
With Irma and Harvey devastation Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress go!
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman a weak and pathetic sort of guy writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game golf. Two weeks ago while speaking to a friend on his cell phone I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess and she knows it." #DrainTheSwamp  
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position with Billions of Dollars and Jobs flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us they will be “Tariffed!”
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates as always in order to make up for the business they are and will be losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match” it would be game over we win! In any event China wants a deal!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Congratulations to Eric &amp; Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA  
Interesting! 
MAGA! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out and I WON and now they’re going CRAZY!
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker the American Family &amp; the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte NC! 
AOC is a Wack Job! 
The Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp; @AshleyRParker two nasty lightweight reporters shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING &amp; FAKE. Also add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer! 
Thank you Senator David Perdue! 
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… 
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp; unfair trade is but we will fix it.....
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
Looks good to me! 
Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator &amp; celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean. 
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good doesn’t it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S.
Unlike others our economy is strong! 
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow! 
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… 
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future rebuilding YOUR Country restoring YOUR destiny and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS! 
If you want to protect criminal aliens – VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans – VOTE REPUBLICAN!  
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.

Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA… 
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. 
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing we know what will happen. In just a short time the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... 
“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......

Great poll Florida - thank you! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
FLORIDA-Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RESTORE RECOVER &amp; REBUILD! 
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
S&amp;P closes at Record High! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE nothing less!
.@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbs
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange. Smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything or anyone even close!
....however for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
Will be another Sean success! 
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. 
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi who should be home cleaning up the dangerous &amp; disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco where even the......
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not  via @BreitbartNews
...conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
The Democrats had nothing...
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
Happy #StPatricksDay 
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran… 
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting CNN MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news &amp; me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her she is a very sick person!
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… 
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Thank you Alex!  
#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado! 
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam which horribly oppresses women?
Exclusive Video–Broaddrick Willey Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary 
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat or AG in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words Nelson is a “stiff.”
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
“They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe diGenova 
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately I believe we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA 
WHERE’S HUNTER?
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months the media panned their cameras!  
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!

🇺🇸🇮🇹 
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! 
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful! 
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred and the actions that were taken during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
A big change is coming - don’t want the Dems anymore! 
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists they hate Israel they hate our own Country they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s....
Get your great T-Shirts “Cops for Trump” at   REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers &amp; Union! @foxandfriends
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
Thank you for joining me this afternoon New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoneySpeech transcript:… 
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders which means CRIMECRIMECRIME!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country &amp; now by staying.
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years and he thought that during his very busy European visit he would stop and see his family!
Why do @ShannonBream &amp; @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there not losers!
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson
Thank you Lake Worth Florida. @foxandfriends
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp; Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long friendly and it touched on many questions.” @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
We
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus Turkey is right “next door.” Our troops are coming home!
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow and  
Sleepy Joe Biden! 
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
Guatemala Honduras &amp; El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement &amp; security.
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary 
....Sadly past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade we must Balance this very....
President Xi of China and I are working together to give massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back into business fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!

Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws which could be easily fixed are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. 
@LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!Watch here:  

The U.S. Border is SECURE! 
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour the Border is clean efficient &amp; well run just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp; filthy place
Ratings are way down lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch! 
I’m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States” 
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets:  
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit and more. Kim Young Chol the Vice Chairman of North Korea heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter thank you!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers.” Read more:  
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the @WhiteHouse. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! 
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason) they will win! I LOVE the people &amp; they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time in between China Iran the Economy and much more which I must we will have a giant Red Wave!
Thank you- Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China Liu He. 
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero &amp; got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said of course NO!
Rep.Trey Gowdy “I don’t think so I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!

....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S. GROWTH which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!

North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina including all of those involved in last nights car accident and their families. 
Presidential Harassment!
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims and to the injured God bless you all!
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. 

The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade and everyone knows that including China!
Wow such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade military and security.
 
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing like lowering drug costs &amp; getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!

Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
“It’s about peace and Properity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also Canada must..
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸

.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
A must read Andy McCarthy’s column today “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest which they are not this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but as I have told him many times before this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
This is only the beginning! 
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! 
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and ultimately NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and in fact the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough smart and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off or substantially reducing the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Thank you Steve &amp; family! 
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA the U.S. Coast Guard &amp; the brave people of the Bahamas..
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Friday’s tour showed vividly to politicians and the media how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime Borders and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!

READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
As we unite on this day of prayer we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer 
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion there was No Conspiracy there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
To all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! 
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
Thank you Orlando Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch… 
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Great book just out "A Place Called Heaven" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
Rex Tillerson a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES NO LAWYER &amp; NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs 
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me: 
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis former prosecutor...
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze. Also no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: 
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First we need to… 
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually whenever possible I turn to @OANN!
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history by far!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true a total Fake!
Thank you Duluth Minnesota. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! 
Thanks @RandPaul  “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”
....bad Economic times the worse the better anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well we are having very good meetings the Leaders are getting along very well and our Country economically is doing great - the talk of the world!
Thank you High Point NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together… 
Thank you Charlie! 
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people including Karl Rove losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway more states coming up in the next week: OH ME AZ IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players from different teams wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
#ObamacareFail 
...She can never recover and will never return to Greatness under current Management. The Times is DEAD long live The New York Times!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it...
ISIS is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
....brought up not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth… 
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'#DrainTheSwamp 
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level....
A great book! 
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp; the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime weak on our GREAT VETS Anti-Second Amendment....
#USEmbassyJerusalem 
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
Thank you Tennessee! 
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and his foreign minister Marcelo Ebrard together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Thank you Geneva Ohio. If I am elected President I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr… 
Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
.@redstate I miss you all and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Bill DeBlasio the high taxing Mayor of NYC just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Thank you! 
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
.@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded Chain &amp; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
This Witch Hunt must end! 
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
....facts and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!

Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch:  
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:  
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺🇸🇨🇳 
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.  

Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments and so little appreciation!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!”  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?
I hearby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it. 
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know) in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation Zero due process and Zero Transparency....
The Angry Majority!
The failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No I built a great business and don’t need banks but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York. Keep up the great work! 
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL stop illegal immigration end chain migration &amp; cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
#CongratsPeggy! 
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp; Liquified Natural Gas the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Terrence K. Williams “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
Happy Mother’s Day!!! 
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
....His opponent Jared Polis is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
An idea liked by many? 
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouVideo:  
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! 
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
Never let them see you sweat! 
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall 
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!
On this Cuban Independence Day we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp; Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! 
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues! 
....the Whistleblower and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer warmer or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
I finally agree with @Cher! 
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH Video:  
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
Mitch use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! 
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea this should have been fixed years ago not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
Oil prices are too high OPEC is at it again. Not good!
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
Never has the press been more inaccurate unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats they are easy we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct!
Good point! 
Sadly much truth to this! 
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS the greatest anywhere in the World!
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
...hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work!
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
We save a fortune by not doing war games as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for like the Witch Hunt or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
Weekly AddressJoin me here:  
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… 
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities and won’t protect your Second Amendment! 
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country! 
“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
I am no fan of President Obama but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: 
THANK YOU Texas I love you! 
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… 
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
“Today at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....

Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?

The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest or start over!
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed but nobody ever asked!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! 
.....The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice but not for long!
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit but this time a big one!
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole! 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 
THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!! 
....John Deere our car companies &amp; others to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...

At a recent round table meeting of business executives &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“We can’t beat him so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI Justice &amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Things are looking great for Karen H!
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism:  
The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst 
ALABAMA get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures and did nothing about it!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position and I would like to thank her for her service....
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS NEVADA!#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS departing shortly for Japan! 
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!🇺🇸🇨🇦 
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!! 
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words they were colluding with Russia!
....Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border Military Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!

New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but in the end had no game!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill pushed hard by @JoeBiden together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton which inflicted great pain on many but especially the African American Community Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.… 
Thank you to Steve Rogers FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret) for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
It is time to remember that...
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
Kris Kobach a strong and early supporter of mine is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall is helping me create Jobs loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
The President of the Ukraine just stated again in the strongest of language that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam but it won’t because the Dems &amp; Media are FIXED!
If you come after the President the Country the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also buy Jason’s great new book POWER GRAB!
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
So Great! 
“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!

I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed. Also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally! 
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!! 
.@SadiqKhan who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London not me......
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
TOGETHER WE WILL PREVAIL! 
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips but it just didn’t work. The love respect &amp; enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸 
....And then think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses jobs and money will be gone!
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush 
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.

V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.
So true Don and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump for less. Can’t let this pass! 
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs Human Traffickers &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good are bad. Stories that should be bad are horrible. Many stories like with the REAL story on Russia Clinton &amp; the DNC seldom get reported. Too bad!
It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States here in New York City this evening! #UNGA 
My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers &amp; no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium from Colorado &amp; Kansas getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.#ThankAVet Video:  
Today here in Iowa we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL! 
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! 
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque in other words I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime) but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship!
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! 
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 
 
Really good news! 
Andrew McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
Prior to departing Wisconsin I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching closely!!
Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible! 
The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built.
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
#StopTheBias 
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
On Trumps ICC Win Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
....to see. Importantly Ambassador Sondland’s tweet which few report stated “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!
Will do a fantastic job! 
Thank you Tallahassee Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!#ICYMI- watch here: 
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country remove those Barriers &amp; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
....In the interim Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
Remember Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
KENTUCKY! #KYGov  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours find your location below! 
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
For tonight’s #DemDebate be sure to follow @TeamTrump @TrumpWarRoom @Parscale @KayleighMcEnany @TimMurtaugh and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE FACT CHECKING and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry I’m on Air Force One off to save the Free World!
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors and listen… 
Everybody that loves the people of New York and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland Ohio.… 
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level especially by the State of California which is well known or its poor management &amp; high taxes!
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Space Force all the way!
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds and so much love!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp; most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola Florida for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?) which was fine with me but why so many?
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me in a barrage of assaults using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them like the book are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
.@NATO very unfair to the United States! 
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment”
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to and now they just talk!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not because there is none and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly and then wins the Election as he did then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! 
Our next Vice President of the United States of America Gov. @Mike_Pence!#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst 
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas. Vote "R"
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! They should do same!
Congratulations Kimberley. Great book! 
Congratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
Thank you Bill! 
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
Jesse &amp; Emma Great News. Congratulations!!!!! 
Happy National Ag Day! 
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
Great book! 

“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
Loved being in Manassas VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech will then visit Old Post Office under construction.

.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA and much more!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time &amp; as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
LYIN' TED 
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
Sorry we cannot let our friends or enemies take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is a complete and total Fraud!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia including Crimea Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure lower.....
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A despicable human being! 
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
“The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. 
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the American People!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation in just twelve months than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length. The good news is THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out he has become nothing less than a loudmouth partisan political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
I didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets:  
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
The Endless Wars Must End!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
They failed on the Mueller Report they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony they failed on everything else so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea except I will and have always expected to lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
#CrookedHillary 

The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do) was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history by far!
Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike:“REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” 
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and most importantly Save Lives!
Representative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp; terrorism.
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.
RED WAVE!
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! 
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov Alex Azar! 
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: 
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits Negotiations on NAFTA and much more. Witch Hunt!
“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.”  @EdRollins   “The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.” @LouDobbs
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners never reaches the Public.
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Councilhe will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. Also they want to do nothing on DACA R’s want to fix!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks as always for a job well done!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning!  
We must have Border Security get rid of Chain Lottery Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and of course keep building but much faster THE WALL!
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS remember!
“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova.  “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World the Witch Hunt though on a respirator is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
Just as I said Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! 
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! 
THANK YOU ORLANDO FLORIDA!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress go back to work and help us at the Border with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
Great couple great book! 
I will replace it with private plans health savings accounts &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
Obviously the European Union as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States as represented by yours truly love each other! 
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! 
Big week coming up!
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE unrelated to Trump things having to do with fraud big loans Taxis etc. and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp; ALREADY reduced deal for himself and get.....
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here:  
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 

“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! 
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy! 
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number your old one’s not working. Sincerely Donald J. Trump
Thank you Travis County Texas!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Totally! 
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice but OK! New polls are great.
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp; Vets!
Don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Thank you to FEMA our great Military &amp; all First Responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere!  
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S. have for decades they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
“Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia absolutely zero but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp; DOJ the Hillary campaign foreign spies &amp; Russians incredible.” @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! 
.@SteveScalese blew the nasty &amp; obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks perhaps marrying....
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'
Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P. 
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military our Vets Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans especially Hispanics feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
Thank you for a great day yesterday Rhode Island! #VoteTrump

The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes we have the pilots the airport is right next door (Andrews) all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet don’t you think? This farce should....
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! 
Thank you Marco I agree! 
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES#DrainTheSwamp #Debate 
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me Hawaii!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
After having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized!
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp 
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well they got that one right!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.

Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly we have no choice!
Thank you Peter - if elected I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration continued through the Mueller FBI operation &amp; now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
North Carolina vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp; File are great people!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really does everybody know what that means?
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: 
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
After years of Comey with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more) running the FBI its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not we will bring it back to greatness.
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time more than anyplace else has ever gotten and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers burdens American taxpayers undermines public safety and places enormous strain on local schools hospitals and communities...
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov @CBP and Law Enforcement! 
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! 
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans! 
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp; CBS?
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! 
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made it will be very comprehensive covering all subjects areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big beautiful NEW Wall! I will protect America the Dems don’t know where to start! 
Thank you @SenatorDole very kind! 
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years but that is changing!
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
Our Economy is doing great!!!!! 
Lyin’ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page &amp; more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami) Florida and heading to the Oval Office where I will present the great Economist Dr. Arthur Laffer with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
.@SteveScalise blew the nasty &amp; obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
They are trying to stop ME because I am fighting for YOU! 
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job live a crime-free life and succeed beyond their dreams....
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp; returning!
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds which the Corrupt Media hates to show were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big &amp; enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
Earlier today I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt Preston Cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Thank you Gettysburg Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp 
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
....Prior to his current position Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan Bob Dole &amp; many others over the years) but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him and he wouldn’t have been hired!
But we are now for the first time giving companies a better alternative! 
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history and it all turned out to be a total scam a Witch Hunt that yielded No Collusion No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
Such a great honor! 
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever the monumental weekend raid Tax Cuts the Rebuilding of our Military etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
The Wall Street Journal asks “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
It was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. #ChagSameach
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the United States under my Administration has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates...
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must based on the law a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is not restricted. The World does not want to see or need higher oil prices!
Thank you to NBC for the correction! 
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
China talks are going very well!
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!  
"Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party and they HATE Israel!
Happy New Year!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together we are taking back this Country – returning power to YOU the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and   
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  Voting questions?  
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp; boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇦🇺Press Conference:  
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people! 
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is the Haters say that is not a new Wall but rather a renovation. Wrong and we must build where most needed....
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! 
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
So some day if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House even by a tiny margin they can impeach the President without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA🇺🇸#JobsNotMobs  
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA🇺🇸
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
Robert Johnson B.E.T. “I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall if you look at the U.S. Economy and you look at.....
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration who just quit!
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
I totally agree! 
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!  
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way the Boston players were GREAT guys!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians with really bad policies (Open Borders Sanctuary Cities etc.) but they stick together!
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:  
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner the Dems.
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed allowing a long drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE thereby declaring war on Law &amp; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and in many cases joining the Republican Party!
Beautiful evening in Kinston North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:… 
Thank you Waukesha Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech #FollowTheMoney: 
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL this time from @FoxNews of course! 
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! 
The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
#CrookedHillary 
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE: #VPDebate
More than a century after conquering flight the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation:  
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret) but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
The U.S. is respected again! 
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John you are hurting your country!
Big news - Budget just passed!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp; if I weren’t nothing would get done. Also I question everybody &amp; everything-which is why I got elected!
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks like Comey's must stop!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN which is happening and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA and it is stronger than ever both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' 
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help!
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG… 
Thank you West Virginia - I love you! 
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! 
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server) but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Bob Hugin successful all of his life would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market and keep young children from Vaping!

“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. Video: 
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else a leaker or spy feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:… 
Join us in Sparks Nevada today! #NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV 
Thank you Carmel Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side not mine!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet 
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court you should be held in contempt. So if you abused the FISA you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz Fox
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION &amp; JOB CREATION.
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance working with the Democrats to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
What’s going on at @CNN is happening to different degrees at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia they were hurt badly!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
Join me in Crosby Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! 
Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life! 
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out &amp; VOTE… 
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore the Inspector General.....
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. 
Thank you Joe and remember the BRAIN is much sharper also! 
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime and with very low inflation our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali the Hindu Festival of Lights in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very very special people!  
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change on trade and far beyond between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China until now the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough but we will win anyway!
@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help I will!
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:  
We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
They don’t have a clue but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed! 
Where are @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again so are many others!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal. 
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'
....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
The military drills or war games as I call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games” especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! 
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”
Great to be in Singapore excitement in the air!
Great news! Tonight we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester New Hampshire! 
S&amp;P opens at Record High!
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Hillary Clinton’s Emails many of which are Classified Information got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or after all of their other missteps (Comey McCabe Strzok Page Ohr FISA Dirty Dossier etc.) their credibility will be forever gone!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
 
David Brooks of the New York Times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families#CrookedHillary 
.....But we are winning big and they will soon be on our turf.
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz Constitutional Lawyer
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is I used the word Liddle’ not Liddle in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
I'm at Trump Doral right now Tiger will tee off shortly.
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
....agencies not just the FBI &amp; DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… 
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
If Iran wants to fight that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador President of Mexico talking about Southern Border Security and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey! 
The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue bad reporting and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
....I don’t want to Win for myself I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
If President Obama made the deals that I have made both at the Border and for the Economy the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible &amp; a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done no credit!
Thank you @PeterSchweizer! 
In America we don't worship government - we worship God. #ValuesVotersSummit 
Don’t worry the Republicans and your President will fix it! 
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
.@jessebwatters You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Wow “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned” according to @FoxNews.
This week the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together we will give the American people a big beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! 
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it! 
Sadly Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for DACA. Take care of our Military and our Country FIRST!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton JW
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
Thank you Newt!  
Will be in South Bend Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy WIN in Dec!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” 
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
THANK YOU- Clemson South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary 
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event that’s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor Shepard Smith!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight 
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S. &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC @BilldeBlasio just called me a blow hard!
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business
We have defeated ISIS in Syria my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
.....shouting of the F...word among many other terrible things and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
Great going Tate! 
After a great rally in Panama City Beach Florida - I am returning to Washington D.C. with @SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! 
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support! 
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! 
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
Thank you Dallas Texas!  
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing? 
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
If you don’t have Borders you don’t have a Country!
The Economy is soooo good perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember it’s the economy stupid!) that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.… 
Pastor Scott a great guy - and tough! 
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. 
Together we are Making America Safe and Great Again!  

Maria despite all of their will and energy it won’t work! 
What ever happened to the Server at the center of so much Corruption that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp; offices early in the morning but were afraid to take the Server?
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London! 
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! 
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has!
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... 
The Democrats want to abolish ICE which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
Very importantly @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
Thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. #ImWithYou 
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th… 
“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way and he said no.” In other words there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."@RealBenCarson
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what...
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress...
Today I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency more accountability and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit 
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having again the Number One Best Selling Book!
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people &amp; families! 
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
True! Without being stuck at an airport where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! 
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless Germany owes.....
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA
Great work Ivanka! 
NEVER TRUMPERS!
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville Tennessee tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
Can you imagine with all of the talk about ObamaCare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity. Obstruction doesn't work!
Thank you Council Bluffs Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… 
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNews
WITCH HUNT!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
"Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" 
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime the Border the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
On my way to Grand Rapids Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA 
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! 
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
About to begin a rally here in Henderson Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… 
Thank you General Mattis book is boring &amp; untrue! 
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister a great honor! 
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! 
Thank you Maria B! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale Florida. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt you are doing a fantastic job!
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families no missiles shot no research happening sites closing...
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" 
Maria &amp; John understood the dishonesty &amp; deception from the very beginning! 
Germany and so many other countries have negative interest rates “they get paid for loaning money” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember these are also our weak currency competitors!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Thank you! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me &amp; also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual &amp; worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
We have to repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp 
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with Democrats thinking...
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers especially for Blacks Hispanics Asians &amp; Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp; Choice for Vets...
Statement from White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly: 
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair......
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel! 
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany Japan and all others. We are now by far the biggest and strongest Country but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
On my way! 
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place just LOST his primary election. In other words he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer and more respectful to his President!

There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent Fake or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
Steve Moore a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
New York State and its Governor Andrew Cuomo are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house he’s supposed to be there!
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace House/Freedom House on the Border of North &amp; South Korea be a more Representative Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers Cartels Human Traffickers....
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! 
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
....@foxandfriends
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game! 
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels Belgium... 
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer Marc Elias to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
Look forward to being there. Something’s happening! #MAGA 
Today on behalf of the American people I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy...
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly which it hasn’t on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection........
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Congratulations Marsha! 
Happy Birthday Sean! 
....sound horrible an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
JFK Files are released long ahead of schedule!
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! 
“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
Great respect for the fact that President Xi &amp; his Representatives want “calm resolution.” So impressed that they are willing to come out &amp; state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader &amp; representing a great country. Talks are continuing!
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing for the first time to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway big progress being made!!!!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be VERY weak on crime!
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:… 
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you!  
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
Thank you John so nice! 
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
These flyers depict Australia’s policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned! 
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans go with Substance and close it out!
Where is the Fake Whistleblower?
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!➡️ #USA 
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal
Keep up the great work Kellie! 
Thank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR OK?”Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
....even to new heights of success and glory but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with!
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement:  
#NationalDayOfPrayer 
Leaving the Great State of Ohio! 
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot” and many other things whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Today in Alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! 
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly I kept many of them in business. In six years they all go BUST!
A great Christmas movie &amp; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Story:  
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter Biden up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp; engaged in criminal behavior at a minimum corrupt behavior it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer author “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshow
Thank you South Carolina! Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC 
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China and others to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.Keep up the great work! 
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market congratulations America!
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
Just left Sioux Center Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
The local politicians who run Washington D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
A great evening with incredible people in New Hampshire! 

The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! 
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! 
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump. 
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth 
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras no more money or aid will be given to Honduras effective immediately!
....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp; local student organization. Our studends....
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. 
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit:  from @IvankaTrump: 
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… 
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! 
Thank you Evansville Indiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita California through our ongoing communications with Local State and Federal Authorities....
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
Thank you Jon working hard! 
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
..(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
In all the time I’ve been President almost two years never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
As I have been saying all along NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! 
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous) that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp; tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues. As a result of these very......
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
Only fools or people with a political agenda don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories with zero sources that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side including Schiff and his made up story that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael 
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. 
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA 
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
It wasn’t the White House it wasn’t the State Department it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King but without the hair. Just think..
Thanks @JudgeJeanine! 
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! 
The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump Red Counties Economically Thrive  via @BreitbartNews
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend @WVGovernor Jim Justice at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard does a great job and raises lots of money for charities!
I hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
That’s because they treat me fairly!“@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings” 
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! 
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
From my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… 
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary the Dems the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country and only the United States with me as President can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to and he does not want to disappoint his friend President Trump!
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble..
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
...The United States because of the Federal Reserve is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp; the Fed don’t have a clue. And now on top of it all the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop Stimulus!
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin Texas. Thank you Brian!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
Thank you America!  
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGA
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile.
Just arrived in Calexico California! 
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp; Treason.....
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Thank you JT! 
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are start looking - but also remember our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!

With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
A sad day for the Democrats Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
Billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp; Pfizer:  
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen and much faster than people think!
“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
Beautiful evening in El Paso Texas last night. God Bless the USA! 
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate and Sanford was so bad I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. 
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS @VP… 
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
After a ten year search the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost) and also the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
Today we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives! 
I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perform. Good luck! 
No we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice! 
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
....overthrow the President through an illegal coup.” (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch

Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record) Regulation Cutting Judicial Appointments Building Military VA TAX CUTS &amp; REFORM Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
A different take! 
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress the Senate Majority Leader for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful.
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!  
Thank you! #GOPDebate 
Today we honor all of our Country’s Purple Heart recipients their loved ones and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces:  
Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown! 
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen!Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul but his son @RandPaul didn't get the right gene.
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime loves our Military &amp; our Vets voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
....and Taylor dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump getting rid of those people dismissing them this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
Congratulations! 'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive highly unethical!
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
Great new book "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today it is great!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. He doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Thank you working hard! 
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
....it is done. These places need your help badly you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
Scott Gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA plans to leave government service sometime next month....

So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC that was knowingly &amp; falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in America and HIRE in America🇺🇸 
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all. 
“There’s no fairness here if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman and his team of partisans coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture) which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession even though the numbers &amp; facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong sorry!
Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award at the same event for being able to produce &amp; sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation which will..
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
Louisiana I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall there is no Deal!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary but somewhat unconventional path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
...everyone how much he likes me but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
Cruz just lied again- I am and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp; FBI. The leadership....
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp; HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!
Terrible attacks in NY NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? 
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates even though inflation is very low and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime Drugs and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....it to Congress and the American people as though it was the statement of the President of the United States me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
Today's third stop- Londonderry New Hampshire! Thank you!#FITN #VoteTrumpNH 
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! 
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing slightly larger version!
Michigan Mississippi Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:  
Thank you New Hampshire! #FITN 
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!"If you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." Gov. Scott 
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. 

Today it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington D.C. We will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down! We love you and we thank God for you each and every day. 
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion No Obstruction - I just fight back!
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you Florida!
.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts great Healthcare Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year” like last year but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! 
This is just the beginning! 
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
A total loser! 
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe blackmail or quid pro quo as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! 
“Outrageous it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman @WSJ
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its wayif possible. Federal G is ready!
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸 
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio 
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay 
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
The Chinese Envoy who just returned from North Korea seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
GREAT progress on the Border Wall! 
PROMISES KEPT! 
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp; for freedom. Along with human rights the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… 
Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes! 
Thank you Pittsburgh Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst 
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. We can do this!
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! 
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today and every day we honor cherish and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers Families Students Businesses and Leaders... 
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! 
WITCH HUNT!
Tomorrow families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment far away from their families protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! 
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now the Rigged Witch Hunt!
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy but good. 
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military....
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp; dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic no spirit no hope. More importantly No Collusion No Obstruction!

“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia &amp; that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary Mark @EsperDoD! 
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaier
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong 
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done not on drug pricing not on immigration not on infrastructure not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt they want results now!

Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
Obama Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea and now weak on Crime High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran we don’t need his advice!
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching and they get it completely.
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
We are getting it done - jobs and security! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA 
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad 
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
The Democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Finally Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times on front page (finally) “Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE but the reverse!
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp; the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare but it can be easily fixed!
Oh no Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Mitch get back to work and put Repeal &amp; Replace Tax Reform &amp; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows whose bias &amp; dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history our Military which....
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE: #VPDebate
Thank you Adam Levine The Federalist in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come’ said Lindsey Graham Republican of South Carolina who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! 
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day great people!
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! 
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco” or Unhinged as they like to say!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.reg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc. = TRUE!
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.

...but then he ran for Congress and won only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement on Election Day for his opponent. But now take heart he is back and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges all badly failed candidates will give it a go!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
Thank you Missouri - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia Russia Russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is No Collusion!
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Thank you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs! 
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… 
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine Iowa.
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes but who knows?
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp 
While I had a great meeting with NATO raising vast amounts of money I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and if countries are still unwilling to negotiate they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanine
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! 
Does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
We will win big! 
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! 
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
Hiring manythousands of judges and going through a long and complicated legal process is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Just met with @SundarPichai President of @Google who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military not the Chinese Military....
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh I see...you have a made up phony crime Collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help Border getting strong!
Massive #MAGARally🇺🇸tonight in Indiana thank you. Everyone get out and  
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case except against the other side!
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA and others so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt compromised coward &amp; congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats &amp; the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise 
In fact my views on Venezuela and especially Cuba were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back! 
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! Read more:  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#INPrimary #VoteTrump 
I will be going the Columbia South Carolina on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
Rep. Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp; smart loves Pennsylvania &amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts unlike Bob Casey who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp; the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA the spectacular &amp; very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers Manufacturers &amp; Unions!
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
...impeachment you have a Party of one. It’s over.” @kilmeade  “Nancy said Jerry please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time &amp; energy into the Mueller Report it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi and I meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
Beautiful evening in Topeka Kansas. VOTE VOTE VOTE! #MAGA 
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Thank you @DallasPD!  
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadique Kahn was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Presidential Harassment!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets caregivers and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:… 
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet...
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
Thank you Pennsylvania!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸 
....In any event it goes on and on &amp; the new AG who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda) does little else but rant rave &amp; politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump:  
“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers” 
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate now as the most effective president the most successful president in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… 
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me and to everyone who loves our Country!
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid Huma Abedin has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp; others
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
You can find your polling locations at:  #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH 
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Wow @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers people inside from the beginning ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp; Mueller knows it!

...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! 
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Thank you @JennaEllisRives really well done! 
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST.  
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends as allies &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful be safe! #FEMA
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom but sometimes I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
Just leaving Salt Lake City Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia which may have an impact on oil prices I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve if needed in a to-be-determined amount....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ 
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier." .....
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you! 
“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did and should be fearful. This is a tough.....
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately no trust!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning! 
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Good idea Rand! 
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor @EddieRispone! #GeauxVotePOLL FINDER:  
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
If the Fed would cut we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
Rumor has it - Pataki Kasich &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true they're so easy to beat!
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
Now with our new deal Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact the Democrats are doing NOTHING they want Open Borderswhich means Illigal Immigration Drugs and Crime.
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." 
....Don’t watch show but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah King of Baltimore!
Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! 
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness which is promise keeping he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen WPost
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp; KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...
....a persecution of the President.”  Daniel Henninger The Wall Street Journal. Thank you people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! 
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
....extraordinary growth economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day which could be soon when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer who I have not seen in action before be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp; stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is if he is running for President the Dems will eat him alive!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK” as people are incorrectly reporting I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
Illegal immigrant children non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate 

In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism. Remember “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have as President perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media it means NOTHING. But it will!
So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.  
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony! 
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
Houston TX: Vegas NV AZ: 
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst 
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians the Chinese the North Koreans they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there look at his record he has had a very significant first year.” @LouDobbs ShowDavid Asman &amp; Ed Rollins
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned and if they weren’t targeting Trump they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax) then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️ ➡️ #POTUSAbroad
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit Court of Appeals. “Lou that’s why this next Election is so important the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also I am ordering all carriers including Fed Ex Amazon UPS and the Post Office to SEARCH FOR &amp; REFUSE....
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders Health Care the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
A BIG difference! 
Debate polls look great - thank you!#MAGA #AmericaFirst 

“Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court” 
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Mississippi Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: 

Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA 
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
Big Night In Texas!!!!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… 
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats the current Director will....
Congratulations to our new Attorney General @SenatorSessions! 
Like every American I deserve to meet my accuser especially when this accuser the so-called “Whistleblower” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc.
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM!  
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' 
John Brennan on the Mueller probe “I don’t know if I received bad information but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!

I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story and while you’re at it the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
....a look the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now lowest unemployment in U.S. history and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
My great honor! 
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! 
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI &amp; when they fired him for lying they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox who will never be his father (and my friend) Mike Wallace that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp; good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!

.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization which they are!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The golden era of American energy is now underway! 
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
With the incompetent Mayor of London you will never have safe streets! 
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J. Schiff is a leaker &amp; corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp; me!
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:  
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp; irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp; incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
Will be heading to Grand Rapids Michigan tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country but also the car companies &amp; others that are pouring back into Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania North &amp; South Carolina &amp; all over!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! 
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
The Radical Left Democrats together with their leaders in the Fake News Media have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed has my full Endorsement!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been and is opposed to the AT&amp;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be subject to Homeland Security given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now that will not happen!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable you will be leaving soon!
President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸 
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP NAFTA high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees.
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore in our Country a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send he back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others? 
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM 
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours! 
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn the leader of Britain’s Labour Party to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for &amp; will prove to be “a great one!” Love U.K.
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history median income the highest and you then add all of the other things I have done how do Democrats who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!
With almost no inflation our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition Quantitative Tightening is continuing making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful honest and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay obstruct and resist. The Senate must vote!
Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron President of France. Discussed various subjects in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! 
Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where by the way there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Congratulations @MarianoRivera! 
Thank you @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! #POTUSinJapan🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? 
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats don’t want the truth they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Thank you! #VoteTrump
A huge thanks to @HeatherNauert for serving America at the @StateDept. Great work! I’m proud to have you join the Fulbright board! 
“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
The Democrats will never be satisfied no matter what they get how much they get or how many pages they get. It will never end but that’s the way life goes!
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
Today in Florida I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
....of Ukraine and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp; misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
Heading to South Carolina! 
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself he has disgraced the Country he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer” 
Congratulations @SecPompeo! 
Our Farmers deserve this they are GREAT! 
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! 
Statement from White House @PressSec Sarah Sanders: 
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be.....
Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates and they just want in. They forgot the people.....
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see! 
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing) when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News so bad!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!
Leaving for Albany New York now massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
#CrookedHillary Job Application 
“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of…unless you investigate this…we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
It’s the Democrats fault they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! 
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes why wouldn’t we win?
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch I couldn’t have said it better myself!
....terrible thing to watch especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway but it would be much easier if the Fed understood which they don’t that we are competing against other countries all of whom want to do well at our expense!
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey and just gave a news conference to that effect.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
WITCH HUNT!
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well a big failure in last job!
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! 
Good news House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
After many years (decades) Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border mostly from Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us just like the Democrats in Congress!

"Under Trump gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"
These politicians like Cruz and Graham who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better!
Congratulations Great Show! 
....However out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
#StopTheCoup
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion! 
Thank you Rudy! 
“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor no crime no extortion no treason.” Robert Ray  @FoxNews
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. 
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! 
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
Courts &amp; Dems in Congress neither of which have a clue are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL OUR DETENTION CENTERS HOSPITALS &amp; SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens which is hard to do!
We are one nation. When one state hurts we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible! 
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! 
A great group of Champions! 
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes Cars Cows Oil Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake Powell cut rate and then he started talking.” @LouDobbs
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release one in particular were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico &amp; the USA something that didn’t exist for decades. However if for some unknown reason...
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Join me live- now in Las Vegas Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus 
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace the meeting with Russia may prove to be in the long run an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
Great going Daniel proud of you! 
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing! 
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out if possible because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:  
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: 
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today talked about prison reform and sentencing. 
After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar @TamimBinHamad it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! 
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
Thank you Terre Haute Indiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#MadeInAmerica🇺🇸📸 
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
“They were all in on it clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state Arizona. I look forward to working with him!

I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is and always has been ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! 
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA🎥 
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:  
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong the Witch Hunt!
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you Mr. President!) we are a net Energy Exporter &amp; now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil &amp; Gas &amp; in fact have very few tankers there but will help our Allies!
Wow @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!
The Phony Witch Hunt continues but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” 
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion weak on Crime Military and Illegal Immigration Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Join us today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… 
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir! 
To the great and brave men and women of ICE do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance It will never happen!
Jens Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse 
....The Democrats none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him wanted him out thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! 
...The problem is no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get no matter what we give them it will never be enough. Just watch they will Harass &amp; Complain &amp; Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO we’ve got a Country to run!
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?
.@ByronYork: “What now for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?” 
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before and we will. Need the WALL need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @WestervillePD. 
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq who we just fought for. I said no and the Kurds left the fight twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
Spoke to my two good friends Prime Minister Modi of India and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan regarding Trade Strategic Partnerships and most importantly for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation but good conversations!
Funny how the Fake News in a coordinated effort with each other likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world &amp; more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!
Wow just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me and read it to all!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
On my way to Columbia Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!  
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Fake News reporting a complete fabrication that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son Donald had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
If @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
The great people of New Hampshire who I love are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. He loves Alabama and so do I!
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin. 
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus...
On Trade France makes excellent wine but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France and charges big Tariffs whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair must change!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
Will be with our two GREAT Senators @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working really smart men love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
At the request of many I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero” Major Matt Golsteyn who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
China the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual not a level playing field...
THANK YOU Connecticut Delaware Maryland Pennsylvania and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much. Paul match over! 
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
LOUISIANA — Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either @DocAbraham or @EddieRispone (BOTH GREAT)! 
.@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier paid for by Hillary created by a man who hates Donald Trump &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
As Americans you need identification sometimes in a very strong and accurate form for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst 
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!

Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
....But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck Nancy Jerry Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative which is much better for consumers!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo that Trump was absolutely justified unquestionably justified in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.”  Witch Hunt!
Gina is Great! 
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. 
“Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday” 
Wow! 

The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA 
#CrookedHillary 
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call and the Whistleblowers account of that call which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
Wow great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
The Fake News Media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great First Lady Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia to abuse. All Fake she is doing really well!
Great interview of Ron Vitiello Former Acting Ice Director by @JesseBWatters on @FoxNews about all of the work that is being (&amp; has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp; Asylum.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
Just signed one of the most important and largest Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. 
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! 
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA 
Can you believe this and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country? 
Thank you @FLGovScott. 
Over the course of the past two days the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one and conversations....
Thank you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA🇺🇸 
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Heading back to Washington D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country the best job numbers biggest tax reduction rebuilt military and much more is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning too fast too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp; Rates are hurting...
....Then on top of it all Kathleen Parker of all people wrote “In Case You Were Wondering Trump Won The Debate.” True but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump 
Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA 
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash" 
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
....untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama California South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs  
“The Impeachment started before he even became President.” @greggutfeld  @FoxNews
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania and all over the Country and Congressman Lou Barletta who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania is really helping!
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! 
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
Maria Dagan Steve Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producers and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp; admitted to this fabrication). Sick!
“My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp well dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other and everyone sees it!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me and the good people surrounding me are total fiction. Problem is when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money much to third world countries (that are questionably run) in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Thank you @MSNBC real professionals! @chucktodd @maddow 
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Robert Wilkie! 
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino! 
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure over time by other countries.
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!
Thank you @RepDougCollins! 
“I agree with the President the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!
Thank you! 
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 
NBC FAKE NEWS which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Late last night our deadline we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries solves the many......
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act FAST!

When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President for the foul language they have used and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp; their horrible &amp; disgusting actions!
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important get out and VOTE for Brian!
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries including Mexico should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp; that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… 
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs is tough on Crime loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
FL KS ME MD MN NJ OR &amp; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at… 
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done! 
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
Thank you Willie Robertson! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
No Collusion - No Obstruction! 
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare the Democrats &amp; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
BORING!
“@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home” 
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
 
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft our current Ambassador to Canada is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. 
I agree wholeheartedly! 
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
As your President one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level in comparison to other countries is keeping the dollar high making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar Boeing.....
Wow highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong please recheck that poll!
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people!
....the Border or large sections of the Border next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides we lose so much money with them especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.) that the Border closing would be a good thing!
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News! 
Many of the people in DACA no longer very young are far from “angels.” Some are very tough hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM 
Tonight it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse! 
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
The New York Times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote....
As the great people of IA IL &amp; MO continue to confront the devastating flooding know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor @GovParsonMO @GovPritzker and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball!

Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call we will work well together!
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again as....
Based on the Kentucky results Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....

...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
In High Tax High Crime California be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation:   
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov 
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?”  @greggutfeld @FoxNews
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings along with CNN are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
Tell Jennifer Williams whoever that is to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls &amp; see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers who I don’t know &amp; mostly never even heard of &amp; work out a better presidential attack!
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions it will be a very big Hurricane perhaps one of the biggest!
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump#iCaucused #iVoted
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel”  
Wow I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way &amp; that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you @GOPLeader
Also tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective and bringing them to a very high standard!
More records! #MAGA 
I use Social Media not because I like to but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. 
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
General Anthony Tata author “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaignhis booketc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians HRC is not with you. 
....of which was squandered away or wasted never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas &amp; Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt &amp; robbing the U.S. Government blind!
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
.@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office... 
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
....left and right he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day our Country is making unprecedented progress!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal which I ended yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp; wrong just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
....Federal Judges (many more to come) two great new Supreme Court Justices the Mexico City Policy and a whole new &amp; positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left with late term abortion (and worse) is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world.
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist. Look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border including large scale criminal and drug inflow the United States Military will build the Wall!
Each year America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. 
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!
Amy Kremer Women for Trump was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
#JobsNotMobs  
Congress get ready to do your job - DACA!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… 
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. 
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
If last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them just received: 
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis TN.  
Thanks Dave! 
Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes! 
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry good move for the safety of our Country!
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly) I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump) but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle Washington Examiner
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this &amp; when our Trade Deals are made &amp; cost cutting done you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction?
New York Yankees President Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  
General Jim Mattis will be retiring with distinction at the end of February after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure tremendous progress has been made especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA under your favorite President’s leadership continues to soar to new heights - and despite the Do Nothing Democrats we have just begun!
Working hard thank you! #MAGA 
Arizona together with our Military and Border Patrol is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
Great going Harris! 

Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy @GiuseppeConteIT a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington at the @WhiteHouse shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
I promise not to do this to Greenland! 
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham who is telling...
Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Despite major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp; working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Congress must pass smart fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people with or without children enter our Country they must be told to leave without our........
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE 
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people save taxpayer dollars and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! 
....Sanctions come off Iran and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp; border!
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
....chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)!
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination'  via @BreitbartNews
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? RIGGED! 
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp; refusing to change the Loopholes &amp; Asylum tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” 
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!

National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you Lee and David! 
#StandForOurAnthem
Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. 
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS Melania!  
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger he has my total support!
The Economy is doing GREAT with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should we are a Rocket upward!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 
....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!

WOW this is big stuff! 
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal isn’t it?
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp; China because they love seeing us bogged.....
I go along with Joe! 
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!

FAIR TRADE!
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to......
Mitt get off the stage you’ve had your turn (twice)! 
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers and others look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!

Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
The #AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book. 
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA  
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts! 

“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me which would be a conflict?
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
If @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform.
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
As most people are aware according to the Polls I won EVERY debate including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton despite the fact that in the first debate they modulated the sound on me and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked but you never know?
The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.  #PassTheBill #MAGA🇺🇸… 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach Florida! #LESM #MAGA 
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today. #ImWithYou 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives 
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
Rep Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully shouting and screaming at the great men &amp; women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler as an example is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts) but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?

#MemorialDay🇺🇸 
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border! 
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
This despite the Fake News and Polls! 
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'
.....again said “NO” thinking as usual that the U.S. is always the “sucker” on NATO on Trade on everything. The Kurds fought with us but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton the DNC and others!
Budd and Mark two great patriots for Congress! 
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York and my many friends on Staten Island have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ➡️ 
Today it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse! 
“When you put everything together the pro growth Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts help to retrain workers the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals promoting Merit Based) it...
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime borders big tax &amp; reg cuts Military &amp; Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are?
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
President Obama thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! 
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy the Military Vets Tax and Regulation Cuts HealthCare and so much more!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA 
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis Jacob Frey is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
We now have the greatest Economy in history! 
THANK YOU SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary 
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
So make all Member Countries pay not just the United States! 
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou 
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! 
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA  
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great the best ever!
Thank you Henderson NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… 
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey his minions and sadly the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader by far in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday 
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner the Fake News Media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history best...
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews  These facts and others make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime perhaps treason in making up a horrible statement and reading....
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district.
.@mkhammer a Fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY however was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have and to be recognized as the first but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that and America is forever grateful! 
Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp; El Paso when in fact I was the one who stated very strongly that I didn’t want the Fake News inside &amp; told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond!
Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficultmay have to terminate?
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China The European Union and other countries around the world....
Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan! 
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:  
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! 
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. 
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation the outside world blowing up around us Paris is burning and China way down the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… 
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp; disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
The world is noticing thanks! 
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone we are totally with you!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical.
Make America Great Again! 
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: 
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today involving #USSBoxer a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.... 
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin and all that I gave up remember I gave up NOTHING we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also we got along very well which is a good thing except for the Corrupt Media!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… 
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad but the “center &amp; right” loves Tiger Kanye George Foreman Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats even more.......
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what....
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary
“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors no treason no extortion no treason.” RD Robert Ray respected
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp; Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp; Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have &amp; do great UNITY in PA!
Today it was my great honor to be in Kansas City Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention 
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party there can be NO WAY with the greatest Economy in U.S. history that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Investigating Corruption is correct! 
On International Women’s Day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses...
Fantastic #MAGARally🇺🇸in West Virginia thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV! 
I don’t care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
GREAT BOOK! 
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
Thank you General Kelly book is total fiction! 
Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me I love you! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free fair and SMART TRADE!
As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! 
Thank you @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp; broken...
...that Open Borders large scale Crime and abolishing ICE is good for them we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. 

THANK YOU BILL! 
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out! 
My friend Herman Cain a truly wonderful man has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. 
...Clinton in the WH doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching &amp; necessary.” Thank you Michael Goodwin! 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon. 
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
The Do Nothing Democrats Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room! 
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI even though it was created by ousted &amp; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it purposelyso wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Happy National Anthem Day! 
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago butas the saying goes better late than never!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others) a strong but responsible Conservative Voice is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp; Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who together with Nancy Pelosi have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
Landing shortly in Montoursville Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly! 
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!

Thank you Columbus Ohio! 
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully the Attorney Generel of the United States and all of those working with him will find out in great detail what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
....going to be there for three months and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries including Turkey should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally 
So sorry people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! 
BUILDING THE WALL!
@marklevinshow Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I’m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
....down watching over a quagmire &amp; spending big dollars to do so. When I took over our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture knowing we can always go back &amp; BLAST!
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads as usual to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready  and will do a great job. When they do let them know it and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! 
#FakeWhistleblower
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA 
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
FBI &amp; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast where it continues now. In the one model through Florida the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son Hunter like why did Ukraine &amp; China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
....and false way. Something has to be done including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are GREAT!
Great photo from Ocean City Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth
Correct a total scam! 
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
“I can say as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud for all to hear that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp; Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice no bluff!
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director Gina Haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Coumo. So many leaving New York! 
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… 
.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
“This is collusion illusion there is no smoking gun here. At this late date after all that we have gone through after millions have been spent we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe!
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
....Your current Governor John Bel Edwards has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA 
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:… 
.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
The Washington Post and New York Times are in my opinion two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly the Enemy of the People! 
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids Michigan - thank you I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 

It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good or even great lawsuit?
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
.....Be happy be cool! A football game that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
Thank you Mahoning County Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain  
So great to watch this! 
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
#LasVegasStrong #USA🇺🇸🎥
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio.......
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
.@AnnCoulter's new book 'In Trump We Trust comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️… 
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
They’ve been wrong all along! 
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well what about Crooked Hillary Comey Strzok Page McCabe Brennan Clapper Shifty Schiff Ohr &amp; Nellie Steele &amp; all of the others including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA!  
...to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN! 
Thank you NEGOP! 
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc. Shame!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence long in doubt to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp; demented ideas. But if you make it I will see you at the Starting Gate!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to....
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... 
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
Which is worse Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Mr. Chairman Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow but he is not a “rabid dog.” He is actually somewhat better than that but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly get the deal done. See you soon! 
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt or don’t watch at all..
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty between the United States and Israel that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
Just had a very good call with President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi….
Top searched candidate by state as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful Secretary of State that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
Wacky @NYTimesDowd who hardly knows me makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
Kevin Corke @FoxNews “Don’t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico.....
For all of the “geniuses” out there many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember the EU &amp; all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
 
“CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR 
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump Tickets:  
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish imprison or even execute individuals....
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S. China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!
Hopefully they will work it out and quickly! 
Thank you Greeley CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:… 
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported state managed and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. 
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws or the Border despite the great job being done by Border Patrol will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
All part of the Witch Hunt! 
Doug Wead a truly great presidential historian had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere Socialism is DYING - and liberty prosperity and democracy are being REBORN...
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA🇺🇸 
Thank you so nice but we are getting it done anyway! 
Join me in Clive Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGATickets:  
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer Pelosi Waters and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO! 
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate he will beat the Open Borders weak on Crime Democrat Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! 
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp; MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money both mine and others to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees rent salaries etc. Now as usual I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim our day together was historic!
Thank you John so nice! 
A Great Democrat Scam! 
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp 
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product the best but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
If our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive defense alone won’t work!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!  
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Thank you @GM @FiatChrysler_NA @Toyota and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better Cheaper Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem! 
On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.  
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
The courage &amp; sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall our hearts beat with pride and our Country remains one people one family and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today we thank you we honor you &amp; we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue! 
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
Thank you Charlotte North Carolina!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
Thank you! 
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia  because they will be coming nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
VOTE FOR RON! 
Thank you Rand! 
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to) because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?

Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans even if good for USA!
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! 
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! Watch:… 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor and has my full endorsement a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night in Mesa honoring and for Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp; will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
The Deep State and the Left and their vehicle the Fake News Media are going Crazy - &amp; they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before Jobs are at Historic Highs soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp; maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK if he keeps doing what he’s doing he’s good for.....
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
The Republican Party has a new STAR his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron) and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....
Thank you for sharing Amy. 
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone &amp; technology.....
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany and many others are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp; Gains but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly and we are here for you! 
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady Melania. Successful procedure she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...
Thank you Laura!  
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war in particular that one which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date but much good will come from the short.....
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of Australia!
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! 
Thanks @RobertJeffress! 
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans. If you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! 
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media such as Comcast/NBC CNN @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating especially on the Border!
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Please clear up the Fake News! 
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬 
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts” no sense no vision!  A terrible communicator!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
Such an amazing game &amp; place! 
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… 
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
Thank you for the endorsement Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it! 
I have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb my Special Counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
If Shifty Adam Schiff who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp; others that are &amp; were interviewed he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! 
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship.
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars @DiamondandSilk are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them and their great success!
Thank you for your support!
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
Today the House votes on two crucial bills:☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct ☑️#KatesLaw ☑️Pass these bills &amp; lets… 
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair modern &amp; LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. 
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me to demean a First in Class at West Point is SAD!
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp; nasty laws which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities including Florida.” @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL will not and can not take you in!
Andrew thank you! We will never forgive or forget. 

"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" 
All Polls and some brand new Polls show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time especially with sooo much good that could be done including prescription drug price reduction healthcare infrastructure etc.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move we'll see what happens!
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell Judicial Watch.
The media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative. When the term Executive Time is used I am generally working not relaxing. In fact I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
From the Southern Border.... 
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money LOST!
So proud of @FEMA Military and First Responders! Thank you! 
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things High Taxes High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
Thank you so much for the wonderful article Robert Davi. 
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
The Democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
That is the real story! 
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done! 


Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
....drug prices pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do six committees is squander time day after day trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before &amp; it should never happen again!
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost: 
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard if not impossible to replace!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!

.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
A great place! 
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
WOW John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help if anything a major hindrance. John James is a star I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
POLLING LOCATIONS: 
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline his wonderful daughter Kameron and their friends on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
Chris Farrell Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong smart and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
....needed and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia ➡️ 
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE” 

“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that despite my own frustration over his missteps there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate the mere thought of...
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst 
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT) is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President who told the Fake News at the United Nations that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts....
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… 
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.”  Thank you Robert one of our great business leaders!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp; now out of the blue want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit in later stage parts of Georgia and unfortunately North Carolina and South Carolina again...
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
🇺🇸🇦🇺 
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices but present and future Jobs Jobs Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 
Thank you New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact the whole thing was a made up fraud) it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party!
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends
Thank you! 
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S. and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp; massive migration we will be focusing on Border Security not Ports of Entry....
Thank you Maine New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to… 
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced the Times has been Fake News and with their disgusting new Board Member it will only get worse!
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court and I said NO he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.
Thank you @FrankLuntz  
The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
A great day at the White House!
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
Today @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel… 
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years along with China and others.
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE! 
....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp; now disproven premise WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp; carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp; military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
Join me live in Cincinnati Ohio!#TrumpRally #MAGA
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Easter to everyone!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started influenced and worked on for an extended period of time by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Adam should be Impeached! 
Thank you Alabama! From now on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… 
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'➡️… 
Congratulations! 
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A. Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator @FEMA_Brock
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best! 
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace! #ObamacareFail 
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!… 
That's right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend..
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing afraid they will be exposed” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
“Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL” 
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
.@DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. 
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
Thank you Louisiana! Get out &amp; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… 
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
Dear Diary... 
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue 
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller I didn’t need McGahn to do it I could have done it myself. Nevertheless....
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The Economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media together with their Partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a Recession. They are.....
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota Florida!Watch here:… 
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. 
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden on the other hand forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER PLAY THEIR GAME AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move watch it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Fake News just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged they have lost their minds! 

If we can help little #CharlieGard as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so.
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias 
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou 
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us we will CHERISH those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... 
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety investment and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia PA. this afternoon w/ @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. Th… 
We join families of Kevin King &amp; Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!
The Failing New York Times in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp; his testimony were a total disaster) to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving peaceful &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was however great appreciation on behalf of the United States which will lead to good perhaps great relations between the United States &amp; Turkey!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands as our ridiculous immigration laws demand we should be changing our laws building the Wall hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
Megan King who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! 
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off..

We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Thank you Hugh! 
Thank you Florida Ohio and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou 
Agreed! 
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! 
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
....you would get it by building or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks it was sport. Additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!

Will Bruce Ohr whose family received big money for helping to create the phony dirty and discredited Dossier ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?

Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA🇺🇸 
THANK YOU Lexington Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before – and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County New York (Amenia.) Great food!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 
Tonight it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS 
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN! 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth @Norad_Northcom @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! 
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
Record crowd in Tampa Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA… 
I delivered a speech in Charlotte North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets #MAGA… 
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
As Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton! 
The Fake News Washington Post and even more Fake News New York Times are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
..under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young inexperienced and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!

To the great people of West Virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is Don Blankenship currently running for Senate can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: 
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper &amp; Brennan all lies” @TuckerCarlson
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Thank you! 
The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith. When you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give it everything you’ve got victory is always within reach! #STLBlues 
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
The only way to stop drugs gangs human trafficking criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis @SenRickScott Senator @MarcoRubio and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved including @FEMA @USCG Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
Watch @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support. With just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military highest Stock Market EVER lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans) attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing Infrastructure &amp; many other things.
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producer and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement put out today only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp; Obama!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P. Biden had his son on the other hand take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads people that couldn’t do the job before were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un the same haters shout out “you shouldn’t meet do not meet!”
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness millions of people will journey into our country.
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA! #ICYMI- watch:  
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp; even more importantly our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China on the other hand may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps for wife’s campaign while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI! 
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
New book just out “The Real Deal My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp; know me well George Sorial &amp; Damian Bates as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page!
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military our Vets and Jobs Jobs Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans there is always plenty of time to CUT!
.....came from and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look even if perfect the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp; aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress but his political career is over!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. 
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
Thank you South Bend Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary  
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA🇺🇸 
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration and it got worsts &amp; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko Jexodus.
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words the Witch Hunt continues!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn 
Great news! #MAGA 
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me &amp; those associated with me to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
Crazy Maxine Waters said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics is rapidly becoming together with Nancy Pelosi the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving even referring to herself as a wounded animal will make people flee the Democrats!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
When will people start saying “thank you Mr. President for firing James Comey?”
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Failing @nytimes the pipe organ for the Democrat Party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact our rates should be lower than all others (we are the U.S.). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers &amp; growth!
One of our best fundraising days EVER! 
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President.
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign one of the most successful in history is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was along with Comey McCabe Strzok and his lover the lovely Lisa Page used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype) hosted by Doug in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news too many good things to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger calling him dangerous insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
Good luck to Ric Grenell our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy he will represent our Country well!
Oh I get it! I am a very good developer happily living my life when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds I decide to run for President &amp; continue to run my business-very legal &amp; very cool talked about it on the campaign trail...

Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs Human TraffickingGang Members &amp; Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA🇺🇸
I agree but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction! 
...We have not seen China’s demands yet which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡️ 
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City Illinois! 
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Great news! #MAGA 
Stock Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! 
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers. 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately so much is true.
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Wow @Politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore and unlike many other Republican leaders wanted him to win. But he didn’t and probably won’t.....
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud just like the Russia Hoax was and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country &amp; when do the Republicans finally fight back?
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn 
Thank you New Orleans Louisiana!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump 
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!➡️ 

Unrelated to Russia Russia Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report) House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. &amp; Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp 
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr Chairman of Senate Intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
.@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThorThank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA 
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
I hope John Brennan the worst CIA Director in our country’s history brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records texts emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou 
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadiq Khan was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
The Republican Party has never had such support! 
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers 
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime the USA is doing better than ever &amp; is respected again!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp; Psycho were with me in my room at their request the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise followed me to other states....
Wow the highest rated (by far) morning show @foxandfriends is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines.
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
So true but it will never work! 
LYIN’ SHIFTY SCHIFF! 
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp; across the Midwest especially the Farmers &amp; Ranchers are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding high winds &amp; road closures.
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I want to know where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. 
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst Senator @ChuckGrassley Ambassador @TerryBranstad Leonard Leo of Federalist Society and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp; Dems of historic proportion!
....Robert Mueller’s testimony and the Mueller Report itself was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves they are totally lost they are Clowns!
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' 
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
LOUISIANA VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- 
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large.....
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate.” @FoxNews  In other words she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green she wants to change our voting system. Wow she’s CRAZY!
We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today! 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks don’t Obstruct and Resist but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way WIN ELECTIONS!
“Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember Dems are High Tax High Crime easy to beat!
....as Secretary of the Air Force and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
#LawandOrder #ImWithYouTranscript: 
Women’s soccer player @meganrapino just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy Jobs and protecting...
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
The Fake Mainstream Media has from the time I announced I was running for President run the most highly sophisticated &amp; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp; women WON I’m President!
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
Thank you! I miss my father.  
The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win!
Thank you @FranklinGraham. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong! 
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Thank you! 

I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
“Triggered” a great book by my son Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won....
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade plus with China will happen!
Thank you Sacramento California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
Our country’s great First Lady Melania is doing really well in Africa. The people love her and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children “Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.” She and her husband Sean Duffy have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids! 
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also STOP THE DRUGS!
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore recover &amp; REBUILD! 
Again the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
I say openly to President Xi &amp; all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal almost completed &amp; you backed out!
Patrick Moore co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis there’s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
Great new book out “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers workers &amp; companies. Take down your tariffs &amp; barriers or we will more than match you!
“USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers”➡️ 
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto National Border Patrol Council.
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and  tomorrow!Watch:… 
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard FEMA etc. A real disaster much work to do!
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: 
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Still time to #VoteTrump! #iVoted #ElectionNight 
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio) in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
The European Union wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions and now she’s on @FoxNews!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
“Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations” 
Thank you @GOPLeader! 
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing and have done!
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! Remarks:  
Failing @nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong but Biden’s demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
“These guys the investigators ought to be in jail. What they have done working with the Obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
Today my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
If a deal is made with China our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
On my way to Tampa Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! 
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A. often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!
Happy birthday James! 
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos @nytimes
This is the real story. Thank you Jim! 
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him and the people of California all the way!
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
#DrainTheSwamp 
We ALL must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
#ArmyNavyGame🇺🇸 
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” @TomFitton
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results!
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House as they interview Never Trumpers and others I get NO LAWYER &amp; NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi Schiff Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn’t! 
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx
Thank you @JesseBWatters could not have said it any better myself! 
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great womem! 
.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face remained silent &amp; were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump 'could well be treason' 
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
WOW! 
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? 
Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin you will be a great Senator!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends 
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father shot at by a Palestinian terrorist was killed while:
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall this would be a non-event!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who in addition hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted they call their adversaries including Nancy Pelosi “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!

Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&amp;S. 
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews 
Thank you John you are a special guy! 
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
#CNNDebate 
۴۰ سال فساد. ۴۰ سال سرکوب. ۴۰ سال ترور. رژیم ایران فقط موجب #چهل_سال_شکست شده است. مردم ایران که مدتهاست در رنجند شایسته آینده روشن تری هستند 
Senate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN 
As you know earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police... 
At the Old Post Office- 
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! 
Alan Dershowitz Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes!
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE! 
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead.
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. 
Just landed - a long trip but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
Really sad! 
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing etc. I am sure would be appreciated!
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias lying and hate by the investigators people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
My great friend @RepMarkMeadows has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader @RepAndyBiggsAZ!
The @USCG @FEMA and all others along with other countries that have been helping have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… 
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:… 
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt so bad for our country - a total sham!

I see that John Kerry the father of the now terminated Iran deal is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! 
...goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain and their families. 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and much faster than anyone thought possible!
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats! 
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.” @ByronYork 
“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that which is like a big Tax Cut to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!

Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China Russia Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
I was right about Comey CROOKED COP!
Today I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.” @DougWead
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
Republicans are doing so well in early voting and at the polls and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate what is going on. Republicans go out and vote!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America'  
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling but for what reason? Not looking good!
Thank you and the Wall is under major construction! 
Going to Ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much her child. Twitter if you’re watching please do what you have to do NOW!  @foxandfriends
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! 
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections subject to final negotiations and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
Have a great but very reflective President’s Day!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp; Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners survivors grieving family members law enforcement the NRA mental health professionals and school officials...
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 

At the request of @SenThomTillis I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C. and so do I!
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 
A very interesting piece by a very good writer @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. 
Our great VPE @mike_pence is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.  
....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives took down great companies only to be........
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session:  
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president. It took place very early on and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all Americans at risk.
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn’t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.”  Ed Rollins @FoxNews
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
Thank you Delaware County Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election or we are going to LOSE this country!… 

Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
.@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:  #VPDebate#BigLeagueTruth
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! 

There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy! 
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico for the first time in decades is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
The failing @politico news outlet which I hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism” and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
The globalist Koch Brothers who have become a total joke in real Republican circles are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judicial picks &amp; more. I made.....
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! 
“Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis”  
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now lots of work to be done! 
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair) &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
Paul Krugman of the Fake News New York Times has lost all credibility as has the Times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash Only Record Highs!
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! 
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot poorly sourced (made up) and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think which at this point may very well be a good thing!
Iran made a very big mistake!
JOIN ME! #MAGATODAY:Springfield OH Toledo OH Geneva OH FRIDAY:Manchester NH Lisbon ME Cedar Rapids IA
Beautiful evening in Rochester Minnesota. VOTE VOTE VOTE! 

You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Just landed at Fort Drum New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer two very talented men have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or as they call it #TRUMPONOMICS....
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions so much corruption!
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp 
#ObamacareFail 
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree and that is the only reason they play the impeach card which cannot be legally used!
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by Twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book “Liars Leakers and Liberals the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy” which is fantastic. Go get it!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Thank you for the kind words tonight @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient and we are here to assist. 
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is. Loser!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone including Republicans Democrats and DACA but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!

Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to State Law. Armed guards OK deterrent!.......
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
....monsters the United States stands ready willing &amp; able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
On behalf of the American people THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you and I will never ever let you down. Now more than ever we must support the men and women in blue! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay 
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States Farmers &amp; Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well much more has been accomplished!
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page &amp; her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people Spies (Informants) into my campaign! Surveillance much?
No matter what she says Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
.@DBongino’s new book "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump" is terrific. He's tough he's smart and he really gets it. His book is on sale now I highly recommend!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp; Russia....
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called conspicuously and accurately “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice and very wise statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… 
“The Democrats hate this President so much they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
#CrookedHillary 
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? Dishonest media! #Frozen 
A new Republican Star is born. Great going @EliseStefanik! 
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video:  
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. 

The New York Times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the Mueller Report. In fact they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay 
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse and have much more potential for damage to consumers than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great! 
Robert De Niro a very Low IQ individual has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State &amp; forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
Thank you @EricTrump! 
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster. Video:  
Great heroes! 
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha Wisconsin - now live! Enjoy!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! 
Many people say they know me claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc. when I don’t know these people at all. This happens I suppose to all who become President. With that being stated I don’t know to the best of my knowledge a man named Michael Esposito.....
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp; terrible statement pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
....in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan! 
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian that in addition to Florida &amp; other states Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! 
On my way see you soon Cape Girardeau Missouri! #MAGARally  
....Knowing all of this is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway and only do good for the USA!
CNN &amp; others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero Bob Mueller no longer exists!
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
“There are no felonies there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery treason or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe also fired) is acting. Page answered “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow a conspiracy caught?
Hopefully Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
Great new book “Justice On Trial The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do and I get paid ZERO! 
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?) false allegations and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela a full and complete....
Just out — in Arizona SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
“Donald Trump was being framed he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone including Mueller if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Thank you! 
Martha McSally running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress WINS BIG. Congratulations and on to November!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! 
Heading to Dubuque Iowa and then Granite City Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!
Merry Christmas!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea and they have given up nothing. Wow we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World) site closure &amp; no more testing!
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!

Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp; precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man with an impeccable reputation who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone &amp; when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....The LameStream Media which is The Enemy of the People is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines but will be great!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
....Russia Iran Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving despite what the Fake News says because now they will have to fight ISIS and others who they hate without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA 
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!

Great to be back from Vietnam an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good let’s see what happens!
America First!
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp; perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
Putin &amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking &amp; many other negative things will be guarded..
